gnocchi might have been the most tender i've ever tasted, and my salmon
salmon filet was, no lie, the most perfectly cooked piece of salmon i've
salmon i've ever had.  it was really unbelievable; cooked just enough, and
fish is cooked that perfectly, it creates its own flavor.  the saffron
fish i had, i'd be eager to try other dishes.
short rib bolognese over fusilli, but amelia's does nothing to distinguish itself in my memory.
polenta and different variations of it (from savory dishes to dessert) and we
polenta dessert with a caramelized brittle and blood orange foam reduction.  it
salmon that night, and it was divine. my husband had ravioli.  we
antipasto platter had high lights and low lights. 
spaghetti and they took al dente a little too literal. the sauce was
gnocchi didn't have any flour in them, and that if they did, it
gnocchi was not at all what i've known gnocchi to be, so i
gnocchi to be, so i don't know if what i've been eating has
gnocchi to amelia's (one of my friends also got the gnocchi, which she
short rib bolognese very highly, even changed my mind from a previous dish i was
mussels were old, i could immediately tell after biting into one because it
ravioli had a rich sauce and delicious sausage...except that the filling was way
short rib bolognese had tender meat and uniquely-shaped pasta...except that it had little flavor and
arugula salad and the ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and served
ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and served in reasonable (read:
panini because it was pretty well drenched with olive oil and found the
tuna tartar, it was unreal.  my date had the beef tenderloin and
mussels while my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli.  it came to $80.
ravioli was $33 for five smaller sized ravioli.  the salad was fine,
mussels were an okay portion but did not come w/any bread or anything
ravioli were good but he ate them in about 3 minutes and since
linguine with clams in a red sauce.  the sauce was like a
tiramisu (one of the best i have ever had!) and an olive oil
mushroom tart which was good but  all it entailed was premade puff
gnocchi with sausage bolognese. it was very tasty though not much meat in
salmon and requested salad and vegetables in place of risotto. i didn't try
salmon but it looked average. came with salad but no side of brocolli
panini i think) very bland and haven't returned since.  some co-workers complained
ravioli of the day, a mushroom ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty
mushroom ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty but a little rich for
ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty but a little rich for our
fish and the tomato sauce was flavorful.  
mussels were superb, absolutely clean and fresh, with the right taste, i drunk
soup  :-)
mushroom was awesome too
meatball appetizer was generous (four small meatballs), but i couldn't find any flavor
fish of the day, which was crusted salmon with lemon risotto.  i
salmon with lemon risotto.  i can't remember a worse risotto than the
fish of the day, there has to be more to say about it
polenta and asparagus- did not particularly like any component by itself, but when
spinach salad which was very good.  portions for the salad were very large,
ravioli of the night. -- with mushrooms and truffle oil and in a
polenta with mushrooms as the appetizer -- it was softer than i was
gnocchi with butternut squash was also quite good -- the gnocchi was again
gnocchi was again very soft (butter!) but seasoned very well, and the squash
soup of the day or one of their salads. although they use tasty
caesar salad is so full of flavor!
mushroom risotto, which i mostly liked. (i say mostly because it tasted great,
mushroom that reminded me of slugs for some reason. first type of mushroom
mushroom i've encountered that i didn't love, ick).
salmon special with risotto was delicious but parpadellle with mushrooms was skippable. great
mushroom ravioli, but have branched out and tried short rib, risotto, gnocchi, etc.
ravioli (with large pieces of lobster both inside the ravioli and topping it)
ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both
gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both dishes were beautifully executed and
antipasto platter contained a nice selection of meats and a fantastic tangy goat
caesar salad here is nice if like bits of anchovy.  the foccacia bread
short rib bolognese which was a much bigger portion than i imagined it would be.
antipasto dish for two.  it consisted of proscuitto, salami and another slice
artichoke hearts and an abundance of roasted red peppers.  very good, but i
short rib bolognese with fusili.  it was a little more on the sweet side
mussels in it (forget the name), but the mussels lacked flavor. in fact,
mussels lacked flavor. in fact, the entire dish lacked flavor. it looked cool
spinach salad with caramelized shallots, pancetta and goat cheese. yum!
ravioli and gnocci, both with identical, non-descript sauce. a decent bottle of chianti
short rib bolognese with fusili pasta ($20).  the fusili itself was fantastically made -
greens salad ($7) which was quite large.  it could have used more salt
short rib bolognese over fusilli and the arancini was delicious. the preserved lemon risotto was
spaghetti when i had it, but the meat plates are exquisite, the sauces
gnocchi with crispy sage!  !  ! and i am ashamed to
salmon was somehow both burnt on the outside and raw on the inside.
ravioli of the night! fantastic!!!!
spinach salad with goat cheese & vinegrette and the fried calamari. for dinner i
salmon dish which both my boyfriend and i enjoyed. my boyfriend had the
polenta with wild mushrooms appetizer was very tasty, but the mushrooms were dry.
mushroom braise" but they were devoid of moisture.  the flavor was great,
spaghetti with a light marinara sauce was very good, as well.  
