pepperoni pizza!  they have an ice cream desert which is excellent also,
saltimbocca and small lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were
lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth two lunches
saltimbocca wasn't anything special - chicken breasts topped w/proscuitto (but not necessarily adding
lasagna or the saltimbocca. i'm not sure which one and my stomach can
penne and the chicken penne, with leftovers..
fettuccine alfredo was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was
bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
penne san remo is outstanding! my only complaint would be the cost of the garlic
pizza was thin and cooked to perfection, not too much cheese or sauce.
penne ala vodka, garlic mozz bread, an order of meatball.
baked ziti i pulled a huge clump of hair out of the back of
pizza that's along the lines of traditional neapolitan style, get their margherita.
roasted garlic and a creamy pesto that doesn't overpower the taste of the fish.
baked rigatoni and fettuccine supremo. 
rigatoni and fettuccine supremo. 
pizza we get is a thin crust pizza with gorgonzola cheese, sices of
pizza with gorgonzola cheese, sices of peperoni, and carmalized onions. in my opinion
pizza by far. they no longer make this pizza. so instead we got
pizza was not very good they switched their tomato sauce for a sweet
pizza are really great--but the tiramisu is kind of too alcohol tasting for
tiramisu is kind of too alcohol tasting for my taste. it's a chain-you
spicy chicken rigatoni was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control though
rigatoni was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control though
chicken marsala and apple gorgonzola salad. but the pastas and pizzas are also pretty
pizza crust. the bruschetta is also good.
bruschetta is also good.
penne basilica claims to have chicken a brocoli in it, it barely had any
penne pasta
pizza here is some of the best i have had in the area.
pizza is quite polarized. 
bruschetta was  brutal the eggplant was tits.the portions are large.limoncello  all
pizza there.
pizza is tasty, but not very filling though. the children spaghetti with meatballs
spaghetti with meatballs is impressive, they sure don't skimp on the meat. the desserts are
pepperoni pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really good veggie
pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really good veggie based
veggie based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
apple gorgonzola salad and the cheese pizza.  service is good, as long as you're
green salad and chicken marsala.  then out of no where the paparazzi shows
cheesecake about half the size of my head!  so much for not
pepperoni pizza, lasagna, bottle of chianti. gather favorite family & friends to share
ravioli for gf and i had some chicken dish with alfredo fettucine. 
ravioli was interesting.  i had a piece and the lobster flavor was
apple gorgonzola salad and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess
chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our
linguine frutti di mare (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with a spicy red clam
tiramisu is pretty bomb.  when i offered to buy my best friend
tiramisu from here instead xd.  
pizza for like under 15 bucks.  can't go wrong there at all!
pizza was bland, and the tiramisu was over powered with rum. 
tiramisu was over powered with rum. 
veggie pizza and a salad. it was a little better this time, but
pizza and a salad. it was a little better this time, but definitely
spaghetti with meat sauce ( it has small  chunks of meat in the sauce) with
caprese and eggplant parmesan, i think its the best ever!!!!  service is
margherita pizza.  more than enough food for the the three of us.
ravioli and ragu and get the same result.  (not a compliment to
pizza is the best thing they serve, other than that, its slowly becoming
penne cardinale and the spicy sausauge pizza.
mushroom appetizer- 6 came swimming in a creamy pesto sauce on a huge
chopped antipasto salad was the best thing of the night.  note you have to
pizza places.i was a regular here for years and i was never disappointed.
penne arrabbiata zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and
baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something.
rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something.
lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella
mac and cheese that they won't touch.  the decor and seating arrangements can be
rigatoni and veal saltamboca.  their house sauce is very very good. 
lasagna was a bit too dry for my taste, but their salads are
ravioli are basic and average at best. chicken prosciutto, chicken cabanera and some
apple gorgonzola salad is tasty as well. most of their pasta dishes are decent...not great,
prosciutto stuffed chicken as well. i've had the frutti di mare and the marsala a
soup as its more of a stew of left over kitchen ingredients and
tiramisu with an expressly coffee.
caesar salad and bread, and tiramisu. however, a bunch of my friends were treated
tiramisu and got one cup and never saw our waitress dina again. some
pizza is made with mozzarella cheese,  basil and pizza sauce a simple
pizza sauce a simple dish. it is a oven brick style pizza, i
saltimbocca is chicken breast dish that has sage, prosciutto, artichoke, capers, in a
chicken breast dish that has sage, prosciutto, artichoke, capers, in a lemon sauce. i
