was very savory, my girlfriend's gnocchi might have been the most
i've ever tasted, and my salmon filet was, no lie, the
most perfectly cooked piece of salmon i've ever had.  it
honestly, when a piece of fish is cooked that perfectly, it
own flavor.  the saffron risotto it came with was delicious
and based on just the fish i had, i'd be eager
good meals here, notably the short rib bolognese over fusilli, but amelia's does
and relaxing dinner.

amelia's specializes in polenta and different variations of it
and we enjoyed a wonderful polenta dessert with a caramelized brittle
the seafood special, which was salmon that night, and it was
over breaded and tasteless. the antipasto platter had high lights and
low lights. 

tried the homemade spaghetti and they took al dente


limited wine menu and the carbonara my friend had was nothing
to pretend that my potato gnocchi didn't have any flour in
- delicious.  my potato gnocchi was not at all what
at all what i've known gnocchi to be, so i don't
think i prefer a firmer gnocchi to amelia's (one of my
waitress had recommended the braised short rib bolognese very highly, even changed my
under-salted, over-greased, and plated atrociously.

the mussels were old, i could immediately
eat. 
the goat cheese/broccoli rabe ravioli had a rich sauce and
way too salty. 
the braised short rib bolognese had tender meat and uniquely-shaped
which was delicious, and the arugula salad and the ravioli special. all
the arugula salad and the ravioli special. all of the food
 my date had the beef tenderloin and lobster tail and
had an appetizer salad and mussels while my boyfriend had the
to $80.  the lobster ravioli was $33 for five smaller
it came dressed.  the mussels were an okay portion but
 my boyfriend said the ravioli were good but he ate
son had raviolis with a beef gravy and he enjoyed it
wonderful.  i had the linguine with clams in a red
top. for entrees i had gnocchi with sausage bolognese. it was
good, and the other had salmon and requested salad and vegetables
risotto. i didn't try the salmon but it looked average. came
but found the meal (a chicken panini i think) very bland
co-workers complained of under cooked chicken in one of their sandwiches
like i'd expected).  the ravioli of the day, a mushroom
of the day, a mushroom ravioli with a pork sauce was
the cioppino had tons of fish and the tomato sauce was
great, as always, the p.e.i mussels were superb, absolutely clean and
them.  i had the fish of the day, which was
the day, which was crusted salmon with lemon risotto.  i
i can't remember a worse risotto than the one i had
i'm paying $25 for the fish of the day, there has
i was underwhelmed.

pork sausage with polenta and asparagus- did not particularly
air feel.

 i had the spinach salad which was very good. 
 i then had the ravioli of the night. -- with
average!  we ordered the polenta with mushrooms as the appetizer
top.  definitely recommend this!

my gnocchi with butternut squash was also
also quite good -- the gnocchi was again very soft (butter!)
calamari is killer and the caesar salad is so full of flavor!
once
with kendall square cinema.  salmon special with risotto was delicious
cinema.  salmon special with risotto was delicious but parpadellle with
very delicious meal of lobster ravioli (with large pieces of lobster
of lobster both inside the ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi
ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.
is just right.  the antipasto platter contained a nice selection
tangy goat cheese.  the caesar salad here is nice if like
i had a the braised short rib bolognese which was a much bigger
spreads.

we started off with the antipasto dish for two.  it
dammit.

we also ordered the braised short rib bolognese with fusili.  it was
got the pasta dish with mussels in it (forget the name),
(forget the name), but the mussels lacked flavor. in fact, the
i happened to have the spinach salad with caramelized shallots, pancetta and
for amelia's. we had the ravioli and gnocci, both with identical,
who could order the braised short rib bolognese with fusili pasta ($20). 
up, i had a mixed greens salad ($7) which was quite large.
was good. i loved my short rib bolognese over fusilli and the arancini
was delicious. the preserved lemon risotto was cooked perfectly, however the
not so crazy about the spaghetti when i had it, but
options - the butternut squash gnocchi with crispy sage!  !
very dissapointing. my boyfriend's salmon was somehow both burnt on
be disappointed! always recommend the ravioli of the night! fantastic!!!!
for appetizers we had the spinach salad with goat cheese & vinegrette
for dinner i had the salmon dish which both my boyfriend
a few mis-steps.  the polenta with wild mushrooms appetizer was
was delicious, but the so-called risotto was absolutely awful!  it
was wonderful and their plain spaghetti with a light marinara sauce
reviews.  i've seen that risotto panned in a number of
