tartufo cheese, pappadew peppers, sausage, and pesto. sounded good, but it
pollo pizza, i was kindly informed by the pizza preparer that
tartufo and pizza margherita with ricotta (they only roll it into
pizza bianca & the tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie
tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be
pizza marinara ($5.15) and then you have a great variety of add-ons:
tartufo and what i liked best were the whole roasted garlic
tartufo pizza ($12) and my friend ordered the margherita ($7) with
tartufo having truffle cheese, which sounded very interesting despite being almost
tartufo without any meat.
tartufo pizza on the other hand was great. you can't go
pizza marinara and the margherita ($5 and $6 respectively). how this place
pizza marinara does not come with cheese on it. 
sausage and peppers pizza. the pizza and salad were delicious - really great,
quatro formaggi (yes, i'm a chees-a-holic, but i took a 4 mile
filetti - its pesto, olive oil, garlic, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes...
pizza bianca with sausage and soppressata (spicy salami). i liked his much
pizza bianca (olive oil, sea salt, garlic, and fresh mozzarella, no tomato
pizza bianca with sopressata, artichokes and mushrooms on it, paid, and then
tartufo which came out burnt. second time, the wrong pizza. third
pizza marinara (which is the original way pizza was supposed to be,
pizza marinara was about $6 and my husband's margherita was about $7.
carni (with extra tomato sauce) and the blanca built with sweet
carni was ordered as it is listed on the menu without
carni (full of various meats) and the tartufo (garlic and truffle
tartufo (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome.  all
pizza bianca that has mozzarella, garlic, salt, and oregano), your pizza is
pizza bianca with prosciutto, arugula and roasted garlic. yummy. all for $11
pollo with gorgonzola and caramelized onions, and the margherita with its
sausage and peppers pizza is also a great one. some other fun ingredients
pizza bianca (garlic and cheese base) with rosemary ham, meatball, and mushrooms.
carni - love!  great if you love meat, comes w/
pollo - balance the usual red tomato sauce pizza if ya
tartufo and proscuitto! and maybe some gelato. thank you adam fleishman
carni toppings. i also love that they have the soda machine
napoletana pizza!  love this place but it gets crowded so
tartufo truffle cheese is nutty and amazing, i wouldn't do without
piccante (which had a few hot spots but was otherwise very
sausage and peppers my boyfriend craves at every possible moment was more like
sausage and peppers pizza and a margherita pizza and i requested carmalized onions
tartufo $11. 
tartufo pizza and burrata w/ cherry tomatoes & pesto.  mmmm
pizza bianca (no tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, oregano, garlic, and olive
pizza marinara (fresh tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, and olive oil). then each
pizza bianca with mushrooms. we decided to all share the pizzas together
pizza bianca with soppressata and mushrooms.  crispy-style.  extra-thin pizza filled
tartufo (truffle cheese)...it was good just not fantastic.
pizza marinara with some add ons... and the first gourmet white pizza
tartufo was delicious. period.
capricciosa pizza, and a burrata salad with pine nuts and caponata.
tartufo pizza with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula.
tartufo pizza- pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and
pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added
pizza bianca with sopresseta ( basically spicy salame), pepperoni, truffle cheese, and
pizza bianca with ham, truffle cheese and sausage- kinda a worse version
pizza bianca with ham, pepperoni, and truffle cheese. very similar to #2
pizza bianca with argula and prosciutto as additional add-ons. both pizzas were
tartufo ($11) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula.
pizza marinara and added on proscuitto, ricotta, and caramelized onions. my bf
napoletana style, which has a soft, chewy crust. 
sausage and peppers pizza along with the gorgonzola salad. the pizza was really
tartufo pre designed pizza is very delicious.  i'm sure i'll
capricciosa and the toppings were haphazardly placed making some of the
tartufo and i got a margherita with bacon, tomatoes and pappadews.
tartufo was a little boring compared to my pizza but loved
tartufo pizza and magherita with soppressata, caramelized onion and mushroom. they
tartufo haha but well both of them are really good!!!
tartufo is definitely 5-star worthy (i'm still dreaming about it). 
tartufo pizza.  it is divine.  order a soda too
tartufo ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, arugula (no
pizza bianca with double garlic, extra chiles, and cherry tomatoes. it tasted
capricciosa had artichokes, mushrooms, and ham which was a nice combination,
tartufo pizza is excellent as well. omg my fave pizza in
piccante pizza (which has soppressata and calabrian chiles), pizza bianca (just
pizza bianca (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom made margherita pizza
piccante one was pretty good if you like spicy stuff! the
pizza bianca was delish too, but not as good as the tartufo
tartufo one!
pizza bianca topped with chicken, soppressata and broccolini. i felt that the
tartufo (mushrooms, truffle cheese, and roasted garlic, arugula, but no tomato
tartufo was especially tasty. a little on the salty side, but
tartufo (truffle cheese, mushrooms, garlic), carni (tons of meat), margherita, and
carni (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our
carni had so much meat on it and the truffle cheese
tartufo smelled so good. the margherita was good but a little
tartufo (truffle cheese, carmelized onions, mushrooms, and arugula).  trust me,
tartufo knocks all other pizzas out of the park.
sausage and peppers pizza.  one of my other favorites is the tartufo
tartufo with added roasted garlic.  all the pizzas are tasty
carni pizza. it was more than enough food for the two
tartufo ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula.
carni pizza with extra garlic is outstanding!
piccante pizza, with soppressata, garlic, and calabrian chiles. the caramelized garlic
piccante pizza is legitly spicy. haha! it's the good kind, where
filetti (i think that's what it was called? it was their
piccante base with some added vegetables. the carni is also delicious
carni is also delicious for meat lovers.
pizza bianca with prosciutto and artichoke hearts (though i recommend getting a
piccante pizza).
pizza bianca (no sauce), with caramelized onions, fried egg, bacon, meatballs, and
