salmon and my friend had the seafood risotto. my dish was
salmon poached because the flavor was better. the waiter also brought
mushroom ragout was consistent: it's my very favorite dish here and it
crab cakes ever!  three times better than the one at the
red snapper had very french, although a little salty, cream sauce which
caesar salad is bland for $10.95 and chicken al limone was too
crab cakes are pretty good too & sometimes the owner is there
lamb chops being $30.  the appetizer salads were anything between $10
prawn salad (grilled prawns, corn, avocado, and black beans).  their prawn
prawn salad was delicious.  pizza was good, but not great. 
goat cheese salad was good, but huge -- no way to eat all
caesar salad w/ prawns and a peperonata pizza with someone. i think
peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia
caesar salad swam in a yellow/white dressing with a blanket of parmigiano
caesar salad and $15.95 for the pizza. with tip, it ended up
prawn salad that was so reminiscent of meals i've had at little
gorgonzola pear salad was really good and sitting outside on a sunny day
salmon salad completes the deal. 
sea bass and prawns linguine dishes. we also both had a glass
prawn salad which sounded way better than it actually was.
salmon appetizer that came with a pizza bread, but then our
salmon was ok, but the pizza bread and dill sauce was
salmon appetizer, and the pear  and walnut salad.  
sea bass (a touch under $30) with potatoes gratin for lunch tasted
polenta appetizer.  awesome comfort food.  we also had the
caesar salad and tortellini! delicious!
new york steak which was medium rare as requested, and came with lentils,
salmon appetizer that comes with the standard lox accompaniments on flat
margherita pizza was pretty good. served nice and hot from their
seafood in puff pastry and of course the dover sole!
crab cakes that they make here are absolutely fantastic. i'm a big
crab cakes and am very picky, but this is the perfect size.
prawn salad is perfect if you want to share for a light
vegetable soup which looked amazing!  it was like a hearty minestrone
salmon which was amazing.  the perfect size piece with a
ahi tuna salad (get it with avocado..yumm)  and my friend had some
sea bass that was light and delicious. the owner and his wife
salmon appetizer : just good.
pizza babbo - flat bread with feta cheese and olives, very salty,
crab cakes and the creamy orange sauce are delicious. the fish entrees
lamb chops was good. 
crab cakes in the paprika sauce is fabulous. the pizza is very
salmon pizza, with goat cheese, and it was deeeelicious).  the
salmon topped with capers and sliced red onions, served with toasted
caesar salad with anchovies. sorry, but much like the iceberg "wedge", i
salmon filet and prawn salad, but didn't get to try them.
focaccia babbo and thought the bread was very good, they salted it
cucumber salad had a nice acidic zing to it, lemonade is tasty
salmon sandwich a number of times.  food is good, but
salmon dish comes with a pizza bread, and i liked the
salmon and i ordered the seafood pasta which was just as
vegetable soup that comes with a small side of foccacia and my
pizza babbo and the margherita. the shrimp salad is healthy, filling and
seafood in puff pastry is excellent, and they have some great soups as well.
caesar salad was limp and soggy; the dressing consisted of a cup
goat cheese salad was truly delicious, -- actually worth making a special 
polenta dish was good, but came alone except for a huge
