bruschette (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. let
bruschette and the caprese salad. the bread of the
bruschette was sooooooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! i
bruschette was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor
bruschette was typical and nothing too special. the caprese
caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and
scallops and cauliflower, and i know everyone raves about
scallops were just good, not extraordinary. on the other
bruschette with garlic-something.. i forget the name. i also
bacaro burger (definitely go with the egg on top!) and
scallops were tasty, but the sauce was too powerful,
roasted garlic grilled pizza, and a bacaro burger. we also
bacaro burger with the fried egg.  savor each forkful.
margherita (not bad, just didn't compare to the burst
chicken breast with parmesan risotto cake, lemon caper sauce. i've
chicken breast was overly cooked and dry. the parmesan risotto
bacon and brie next time. 
panini was okay and actually the white pizza was
white pizza was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a
scallops and white pizza. both were amazing. the scallops
scallops were very flavorful. the white pizza was unbelievably
white pizza was unbelievably good and it was this plate
scallops (amazing), bruschetta (the garlic/pesto was yummy), prosciutto, artichokes,
bacaro burger experience is very visceral. it is at once
bacaro burger experience is kind of like that. you are
polenta was pretty damn good too!
panini was rather tasty.
scallops the most. 
scallops and bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything
bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
polenta (one dish i probably recommend). 
roasted garlic bruchetta and carried the faint aroma with us
panini was a bit of letdown as well. good
scallops had two scallops. i love the sauce they
scallops were cooked to near perfection. but i hope
white pizza was a nice cheese-y pizza. the crust was
scallops would be my favorite.  the bacaro burger
bacaro burger was good, provided on a half bun, which
scallops - 4 stars
petite fillet steak, bread, potatoes, wine, etc. but the first
caprese salad which just melts in your mouth. gooey mozzarella
bacaro burger without the fried egg and it was made
scallops on top of this corn salsa. i could
scallops plates! 
panini or the scallops. either of the desserts are
panini and (2) homemade cranberry bread pudding. extremely tasty
scallops with corn chowder - wow one of our
scallops were seared perfectly with a nice crust but
panini sandwich was just okay. it's pretty cool to
panini - tasty
pig ears (eh, pass  - too salty)
bacaro burger next time!
panini with black forest ham and carmelized onions
scallops because it's no longer on the menu and
bacaro burger (we forgot to ask for the egg topping,
chicken breast over risotto cake
caprese salad featured low quality mozzarella and unripe cherry tomatoes,
scallops were the best of the three, but decidedly
bruschette - dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers &
scallops with carrot puree was amazing as was the
panini (gruyere, roast beef, onions), crostini (marscapone, gorgonzola, goat
bacaro burger (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. still, it
bacaro burger - has a freakin quail egg sunny side
scallops - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant
roasted garlic infused in olive oil - roasted garlic yumm,
roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring,
scallops were so good!! though you only get 2
scallops and the burger. i sampled the beet salad
scallops were served in a sauce and potatoes and
scallops and crostini were all a must-trys!
scallops with carrot puree- amazing. some of the best
scallops i have had in this city. perfectly tender
scallops came out piping hot. my only gripe is
scallops instead of 2. we ended up ordering two
white pizza came out bubbling with perfect cheese, scallions, bacon,
panini with gruyere cheese and carmalized onions was crazy
scallops have been taken off the menu since april.
bacaro burger with fried egg, clams, mac & cheese, hangar
polenta topped with eggplant salad, and the nutella panini
panini with both strawberries and banana. oh, and the
polenta was split. i personally did not like it
panini at all. i was actually the one to
panini was just too dry and sadly, did not
polenta squares with roasted market eggplant: the roasted rainbow
rainbow beets with chevre and tarragon: the gorgonzola, date, walnut,
scallops with melted winter leeks and spicy crostini; and
nutella panino with strawberries. whew. if you think that sounds
roasted garlic bruschetta was a-ma-zing! i wanna learn how to
bone marrow (balsamic reduction, sea salt with baguette slices) -
rainbow beets - with chevre, tarragon
bacaro burger - made with estancia grass-fed beef added fried
polenta entrees. i even stole a cheeky piece from
scallops with truffle oil, carrot puree. sounds kinda weird
scallops with roasted corn. honestly anything with corn...you know
bone marrow so i can't compare to anything but i
pig ears and the grilled chicken panini. the chipotle aioli
panini was solid as well. sadly didn't have any
mac and cheese ever made! it had perfectly cooked, tender, macaroni,
roasted garlic pizza and the bacon & brie pizza (minus
scallops and see that only a quarter of that
scallops because i don't like seafood (but i can
panini w/the mushrooms--crunchy, in a good way.
scallops with carrot puree is a must order! 
bone marrow and of course, the scallops!  the only
chicken breast was kinda tough and dry even though it
bone marrow would've been good if it wasn't so darn
artichoke hearts and the garlic pizza was too garlicky. 
artichoke hearts with parmesan and bread crumbs.  maybe half
artichoke hearts with a little parmesan and bread crumbs which
scallops and petit filet - there is no way
burrata di stefano with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and grilled
margherita pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella was so
bone marrow (:
roasted garlic & dalia's bell peppers.  wow, both of
polenta cakes), but i'm always for tryin things and
rainbow beets which is an assortment of different types of
scallops which came in a puree sauce and white
white pizza which came with bacon and scallions. 
chicken breast was great!  it was like a piccata,
scallops were tender and sweet.  i could have
roasted garlic and balsamic, or a white bean concoction. 
artichoke hearts with parmesan (these poor guys came out last
white pizza was yummy also, but of course that's because
panini (gruyere, heirloom tomato and basil)
bruschette was....ok. bacon n brie pizza was yummy, we
panini was good, but we hated the dessert (cookie
bacaro burger was my personal fav. we had two orders
mac and cheese is delicious as well as the poached shrimp
scallops w/ carrot puree and white truffle oil: 5/5
scallops are to die for as well as the
artichoke hearts dishes stood out. the interior had a very
scallops  (only two scallops; but amazing texture and
bacaro burger with fried egg  (an explosion of surprises-
roasted garlic one definitely stood out more than the other.
pig ears with chipotle aioli- i've had pig ears before
pig ears before but not fried. i was surprised by
bone marrow w/ balsamic reduction, sea salt, & baguette- hmmm,
bone marrow to begin with and i could only really
scallops with sauteed market corn, scallions & cherry tomatoes-
scallops tho, so that made me a bit sad.
scallops + corn.  also went well with the
mac and cheese to pig ears! hard to go wrong with
polenta square all to myself.  they did inform
panini (so simple yet so good), or the gorgonzola,
scallops to begin with. my least 
artichoke hearts were probably the best i ever had.
roasted garlic pizza - though delicious, perhaps not the right
polenta squares with eggplant, the beet salad with goat
bacaro burger with friend egg!! 
scallops that came out were perfectly seared and i
bacaro burger was slightly run of the mill but i
bacaro burger with the fried egg.. a++
polenta with eggplant, the artichokes, all the crostini, and
chicken breast on the risotto parmesan cake in the caper
scallops were cooked perfectly and sauteed in a light,
white pizza and bacaro burger with egg, and was full...
bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and
bacaro burger w/egg = i just went to heaven.
bacaro burger i definitely order that with a fried egg
polenta and the black forest ham and basil pesto
brown butter cookie dough for dessert. here's how each dish went:
bone marrow and don't waste your money on bacaro la's
bacon and brie worked magically together. this was definitely up there
panini is here to save the day.
bacaro burger ** this is an absolute must!!** it was
panini with gruyere cheese, pastrami and caramelized onions, and
mac and cheese alone...i will go back for. 
panini with strawberries. she loved it.
bacaro burger with the fried egg. so, so good.
scallops 5 stars excellent- fresh and delicious
polenta squares with sauteed eggplant, garlic and olives and
scallops floating around the table....hungry yet?
bacaro burger is my favorite!!  love the eggs with
bacon and brie pizza that was zomg amazing, followed by the
scallops are heaven. the burgers is among my favorite
lamb stuffed eggplant is amazing. and honestly, the cauliflower is the
scallops with corn are on the menu try them,
scallops on top of parsnip puree. there was nothing
nutella panino with strawberry slices. i love nutella, i love
bacaro burger and paninis (though the paninis are somewhat salty).
bruschette (very good)
mac and cheese parmesan, cheddar, point reyes blue, mozzarella, with white
roasted garlic pizza, pan seared scallop on a corn, cherry
roasted garlic and another topped with fire roasted red peppers
bacaro burger with the additional fried egg: no brainer for
panini with tomatoes and basil pesto: delicious
margherita pizza, brie and bacon pizza, roasted garlic pizza,
roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. for
lamb burger was amazingly juicy and the parsley tahini sauce
margherita pizza and it came burnt. :( i was
roasted garlic pizza and actually preferred that one.  the
scallops were perfectly cooked where it had a nice
mac and cheese was incredible, and the open faced burger with
scallops take you to flavortown in that bold parsnip
scallops with the carrot puree and (i think?) pickled
bacaro burger is also good, get it with the fried
white pizza and the margarita (where's the basil!). both kind
panini and their burgers to come out. i though
nutella panino for dessert is lovely too. 
bacaro burger and pan-seared scallops were just fine.  the
scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the
margherita pizza which is basically just cheese pizza. 
bacaro burger w/fried egg: whoa. i think i made the
scallops lovingly nestled in a bed of sweet corn
roasted garlic pizza: roasted garlic, i love you. as a
roasted garlic jewels. ... okay, so not a first date
bacaro burger (i love the egg on top!! almost loco
chicken breast (the lemony sauce is heaven)
panini (!!! must-try! nutella is the patron saint of
bone marrow w/ baguette was devine and the chicken and
brown butter cookie dough for dessert.  i don't even like cookie
mac and cheese and a pizza. the pizza was not as
bacaro burger with fried egg (over easy).  heaven!
bruschette with tuscan white bean - - big hunka
bruschette with roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
bacaro burger - open-faced with a cute fried egg on
panini with bicycle honey wheat bread, nutella and banana:
panini for my bro, who devoured it in 10
panini for around $20 something dollars. yum!
scallops being overly salted, i'd recommend most of the
roasted garlic cloves on cichetti, need i say more!). 
scallops are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? i'm practically
chicken breast was really really dry, the bed of risotto
polenta squares with eggplant
caprese salad was fresh, i really liked the pesto on
polenta squares were alright - too much acid =
bacaro burger which looked really good! i am for sure
bruschette with tuscan white beans (damned good!), polenta squares
polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro
bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious
bruschette and crostinis. i'd highly recommend the 1. roasted
polenta with eggplant, and it was surprisingly good. 
scallops were done perfectly.  the grilled hangar steak
panini for dessert (seemed like white bread with nutella
panini (basil pesto, carmelized onions), and scallops.  i
panini was whatever, tasted generally ordinary.  the scallops
scallops were pretty good, for some reason i really
bacaro burger is amazing (open faced and the perfect size).
bruschette and crostini are great appetizer options.  
bacaro burger with a fried egg! must try. this place
scallops and the bread pudding for dessert. an absolutely
mac and cheese should be called shells and cheese soup
scallops were okay, but gritty
polenta cake was so good! the bruschetta blew my
mac and cheese was sooooo rich and yummy! the lamb stuffed
lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing i just didnt want it
bacaro burger with a fried egg on top, i'm still
mac and cheese was really good, but i found the garlic
scallops i like are from hatfield's.  2 stars.
bacaro burger with fried egg:  i really like this
scallops and the bacaro burger. wish the place was
bacon and brie pizza and the burger).  yes, i used
white pizza was also tasty, yet a bit too salty.
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic. i
scallops were quite large - they were ho-hum. the
nutella panino was quite a treat. i didn't think i
rainbow beets with chevre and taragon - nice starter. 
bacaro burger with fried egg - rich and flavorful. 
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic -
bacaro burger is a must, i get it every time.
mac and cheese yeeeeum. helloooo truffle oil! 
polenta was really good. i forget what was on
polenta all that much either, but this was tasty
bacaro burger and grilled gruyere paninis were my favorite dishes.
panini and the fillet mignon with foie gras as
panini had goat cheese which made it tangy and
bacon and brie pizza- doesn't that just make your mouth water?!
scallops came with 2 scallops, the grilled chicken was
panini are really, really good (the caramelised onion... wow)
bruschette - heirloom tomato and roasted garlic w/ basil
roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic
bruschette into 4 little pieces - we had to
bacaro burger - really delicious!  except it wasn't served
scallops - this dish was good, it came with
white pizza was mouthwatering!  every bite you could feel
lamb stuffed eggplant (i was strongly against this as i am
chicken breast and the hangar steak.  all of them
white pizza (bacon, hi) was so good. i almost didn't
bacaro burger were my top 3 favorites. the food also
polenta with eggplant tapenade
bacaro burger (with egg), di staffano's burrata, house-cured olives and
white pizza i got was very saltty! everyone loves the
bacaro burger was overwhelming in appearance and flavor in a
bacon and brie pizza (yum!) and each had our own panini
panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his,
"noa's" cauliflower - you've never had cauliflower like this before,
bacaro burger - open-faced and decadent
burrata di stefano - simply amazing, a staple every time we
bruschette - the tomato and the tuscan white bean..mmmm
bacaro burger or $7 for prosciutto di parma, which is
scallops were unbelievable.  hangar steak also very good.
scallops had the best taste!!!! i can't believe that
bacaro burger with an egg ( +$1) , its really
scallops at first. the blossoms were not their strength
scallops were good. then i ordered the bruschetta with
scallops fan, but the corn relish sauce was to
scallops and the open face burger. they also have
panini with caramelized onions perfectly accompanied the wine. 
bacaro burger (w/ the egg...amazingness), the scallops (loved the bacon
scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the
bacon and brie pizza (do i need to explain why its
caprese salad (which i loved! they ran out of basil
bacon and brie pizza. those were probably the best things i
artichoke hearts & parm, grilled panino with caramelized onions, sliders,
bruschette (tomato and basil/dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers),
margherita and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my
roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the
scallops and a variety of flatbread pizzas. this is
margherita pizza, the chipotle cauliflower and the mac and
polenta square, handcrafted salumi, the cheese, and crostini platters.
roasted garlic bruchette, scallops, and roasted garlic pizza was all
roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
bruschette with roasted garlic!
scallops and the artichoke hearts. 
margherita is a straight-up cheese pizza lacking the conspicuous
artichoke hearts bro, you know them girls love them artichokes,
scallops are great, so is the beefstake but i
margherita pizza.  i left more than full. 
caprese salad with pesto is yummy.  for dessert, their
panini which was perfect portion and delicious.  i
bacaro ice cream which was $5..it was good but not something
chicken breast -- way too sour and the jalapeno &
bruschette - roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto. yum~
"noa's" cauliflower - with chipotle aioli and mixed greens
bacaro burger - this will fill you up. remember to
scallops - another must try!
nutella panino are good~
scallops when they come with carrot and fennel)
bruschette w/ pesto
margherita pizza, caprese salad, bacaro burger (no egg), and
bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we really
pig ears (delectable and so savory), the bone marrow (
bone marrow ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing), 
lamb burger ( i ordered it medium well and it
bacaro burger with the fried egg - amazing and the
bone marrow and the garlic pizza - crispy garlicky and
bacaro burger each.
bacaro burger was ordered because it's one of the top
chicken breast and the grilled petite fillet was quite mediocre.
petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto cake
roasted garlic pizza made on super thin crust that was
roasted garlic cloves and i wished we had ordered maybe
bacaro burger with egg).  their "beefsteak sunday" events (first
panini with cheddar and mushrooms
bacaro burger - served open face with caramelized onions, slices
artichoke hearts - tender and flavorful with golden brown parmiggiano
panini (roast beef, mushroom & gruyere) - a bit
scallops - came in a butter sauce instead of
bacaro burger - we ordered 2 and one came out
panini - really yummy and filling! definitely get this
brown butter cookie dough and it was the weirdest dessert ever. the
scallops when i'm there next!
roasted garlic pizza, and crostini!!) and i walked away super
panini (the boyfriend's favorite)
roasted garlic w/ pesto which had a god awful amount
roasted garlic bruschetta, the barrata, the burger was to die
chicken breast with risotto cake and the open faced burger.
scallops were amazing, and the panini was really tasty.
panini was really tasty.   it's pretty small,
mac and cheese + all the desserts.  and of course,
roasted garlic pizza has been my favorite eat so far!
scallops were cooked perfectly and served in a (very
lamb burger was exceptional.  such a wonderful variety of
bacaro burger (with fried egg of course!) was great. 
roasted garlic and sea salt mixed in.  really good.
panini is wonderful. i wasn't blown away by the
scallops are delicious! our server suggested a white wine
bacon and brie grilled pizza and it was beyond delish! perfect
margherita grilled pizza.  the poached shrimp sits in
margherita is your traditional pizza with tomato sauce and
scallops with garlic parnship puree crispy capers & white
bacaro burger made with estancia grass-fed beef & fried egg
bacaro burger ... soo good. its always cooked exactly how
bacaro burger and cauliflower dish i had.  and, the
mac and cheese to more adventurous, "trendy" dishes such as roasted
bone marrow and fried pig ears. all of the food
margherita pizza looked and tasted like a regular old
margherita pizzas to have dollops of fresh mozzarella and
bacaro burger with fried egg and the scallops dish was
scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had very unique
white pizza was way too salty.
scallops (a little too undercooked for my liking but
panini with gruyere and tomatoes, and pesto basil (so
polenta eggplant.. amazing.
nutella panino are solid food choices.  despite not being
scallops or a four-slice pizza topped with bacon bits
roasted garlic pieces.  it was amazing if not a
bacaro burger with fried egg, roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven
roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro mac
mac and cheese with bacon.
roasted garlic grilled pizza was the clear winner here. there
bacaro burger with fried egg was second best. this open
bone marrow and the mac and cheese were a bit
mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the bone
bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread
mac and cheese was not as flavorful as it could have
panini was awesome too. the bruschettas were ok and
pig ears and the bone marrow. we also ordered the
bacaro burger with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but
chicken breast when we ordered the chicken panini - and
panini - and the server looked at us like
scallops were a bit small for the bear's appetite,
bacaro burger and lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!
lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear
bacaro burger because i chose to go with the lamb
lamb burger instead.
lamb burger was delicious and was juicy and flavorful and
bone marrow was extremely light and sure hit the spot.
