pepperoni pizza!  they have an ice cream desert which is
saltimbocca and small lasagna for three people and we were stuffed.
lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth
saltimbocca wasn't anything special - chicken breasts topped w/proscuitto (but not
lasagna or the saltimbocca. i'm not sure which one and my
fettuccine alfredo was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned.
bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
penne san remo is outstanding! my only complaint would be the cost of
baked ziti i pulled a huge clump of hair out of the
baked rigatoni and fettuccine supremo. 
tiramisu is kind of too alcohol tasting for my taste. it's
spicy chicken rigatoni was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control
chicken marsala and apple gorgonzola salad. but the pastas and pizzas are
bruschetta is also good.
penne basilica claims to have chicken a brocoli in it, it barely
bruschetta was  brutal the eggplant was tits.the portions are large.limoncello
spaghetti with meatballs is impressive, they sure don't skimp on the meat. the
pepperoni pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really
veggie based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
apple gorgonzola salad and the cheese pizza.  service is good, as long
cheesecake about half the size of my head!  so much
pepperoni pizza, lasagna, bottle of chianti. gather favorite family & friends
apple gorgonzola salad and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day
chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!
linguine frutti di mare (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with a spicy
tiramisu is pretty bomb.  when i offered to buy my
tiramisu from here instead xd.  
tiramisu was over powered with rum. 
veggie pizza and a salad. it was a little better this
spaghetti with meat sauce ( it has small  chunks of meat in the
margherita pizza.  more than enough food for the the three
chopped antipasto salad was the best thing of the night.  note you
penne arrabbiata zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go
baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get
lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't
lasagna was a bit too dry for my taste, but their
apple gorgonzola salad is tasty as well. most of their pasta dishes are
prosciutto stuffed chicken as well. i've had the frutti di mare and the
tiramisu with an expressly coffee.
caesar salad and bread, and tiramisu. however, a bunch of my friends
tiramisu and got one cup and never saw our waitress dina
saltimbocca is chicken breast dish that has sage, prosciutto, artichoke, capers,
