spaghetti with veal meatballs (i'm telling you, they're delicious) and it
broccoli rabe version here, and it was effing good.  the bread
spaghetti and veal meatballs kind of bland.
spaghetti dish lived up to its yelp reviews. the service was
gnocchi was tasteful and rich. good choice but loud.
salmon cooked to perfection; and the most amazing tirimisu for dessert
spaghetti and meatballs which was very flavorful despite it's relative simplicity.
fusilli pasta with sweet italian sausage was the perfect meal for
salt cod & potato and prosciutto & reggiano. the former was interesting, i wasn't
tiramisu is outstanding.  can't wait to see the new fall
burrata and poached eggs. mmmmm... everything, everything is delicious.
farmstead cheeses as dessert!
salmon with fava beans & fingerling potatoes, was well cooked &
tilapia outstanding, two filets on a rich bed of lentils, mirepoix
burrata may, perhaps, change your life. take note: burrata. 
gnocchi ("no bacon, k?", the annoying vegetarian asks) is a kiss
beet salad which was very good. it tasted fresh and the goat
broccoli rabe and veal meatballs were competently prepared but lacking in seasoning.
mussels to start-all were great. the short ribs were also delicious,
spaghetti with veal meatballs.  all around a delicious meal, we
gnocchi and specials like the boar pasta...yummy!
orecchiette pasta. we started with the salted cod, which is whipped
mussels and they were just ok.
broccoli rabe on a slice of baguette for $4.50, same for fava
mussels weren't very clean or fresh.  i prefer cedrics a
gnocchi with truffle butter (minus the pecorino) and a glass of
tilapia with lentils. i had to steal some braised short ribs
braised short ribs from my dinner partner...yum! topped it off with a shared
ricotta ravioli was tasty and unique, replacing expected flavors with the unexpected
gnocchi which was laking both in presentation, portion size (very small
spaghetti w/ veal meatballs and she said it was just okay.
crab cake entree sounds delicious...i really wish that the waiter had let
roasted veal meatballs in a san marzano tomato and basil sauce. the sauce
potato puree and remalade. this dish was beyond our expectations. moist, tender
gnocchi ($18) and happy hour :) this place seems like a
apple tart dessert hits the spot.
braised short ribs and scallops are all my favorites so far. 
broccoli rabe crostinos all of which were really good. we also ordered
burrata w/ basil pesto and the ricotta ravioli with eggplant &
ricotta ravioli with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the food,
salmon when he requested medium.  they were quick to fix
apple tart and tiramisu as desserts. 
tiramisu as desserts. 
salmon is good, and pineapple upside cake very tasty. not complains
tilapia really!?)
beet salad i've ever ordered (and i have one every chance i
fusilli with wild boar sugo was what i wanted. the natural
spaghetti with veal meatballs, and the new york steak. everything was
mussels were in a tasty sauce and they were served in
octopus with grilled sweet italian sausage vinaigrette, orange, potato, olives--basically, i
