linguini alla pugliese and it was terrible. it was bland and
mozzarella salad, bruschetta, and pork chop milanese with arugula all hit
pork chop milanese with arugula all hit the a-ok spot, which is 3/5.
gnocchi i sampled, but i'm an extra tough grader on gnocchi.
gnocchi with pan-seared mushrooms. this was amazingly good considering i don't
arugula salad to the buffalo ravioli special to the chicken to the
orecchiette was a little undercooked (and i do usually like it
mozzarella on top served w/ mashed potatoes and buttery asparagus...this was
mozzarella in a red sauce (so yummy), mussels in homemade broth
mozzarella on top and it was really great.  
linguini pasta with roasted tomatoes, garlic, and ricotta insalata. definitely the
mozzarella with grilled vegetables as an app. it was really great,
mozzarella and roasted vegetable appetizer. the cheese was very fresh and
penne melanzane and my boyfriend got the gnocci. both delicious dishes. the
caesar salad was ok, pretty standard. kind of hard to wrong a
gnocchi entree, the pork special entree, and the choc torte and
gnocchi dish in particular, to be bland.  aside from my
gnocchi being bland, it didn't even taste, look, or resemble actual
gnocchi was pretty good too.  we had a kind waiter
mozzarella and artichoke appetizers were delicious and beautiful in presentation. 
linguini ai frutti di mare on saturday night, which is my
mozzarella for appetizer and a delicious seafood entree that consisted of
gnocchi for entrees.
mozzarella with peppers, tomatoes, onions and arugula. it was like butter.
gnocchi with shrimp in the cream sauce was one of the
gnocchi with shrimp. i'd highly recommend salento-- maybe not as a
mozzarella and grilled veggies (with a roasted red pepper vinaigrette), which
mozzarella appetizer, any of their (fresh!) gnocchi, and the lamb skewers.
arugula salad with grilled calamari - delicious! the calamari had a great
mozzarella was delicious and so were the grilled veggies, but the
linguini aglione - good.  a very simple pasta with roasted
linguini con gamberi - the best!  fresh linguini served with
linguini served with large, grilled shrimp in a light pesto sauce
pork chop milanese served with spring mix - delicious! two people at the
caesar salad was classic but good, and not overdressed.  the sauteed
arugula salad on top.  finally, the pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake was light
mozzarella and a vinaigrette): it was good! but in my opinion
gnocchi with shrimp and cream sauce): i ordered it without the
caesar salad as apps. can i just say how weird it is
mozzarella with grilled vegetables being the first course "winner", with the
orecchiette with braised duck and a pork loin dish.  we
mozzarella with veggies as a starter, and the beau ordered grilled
mozzarella cheese with vegetables and enjoyed its light flavor. it wasn't
pollo agrodolce (boneless chicken breast with white balsamic, caramelized onions, and golden
mozzarella and grilled vegetable app, tilapia entree and chocolate torte dessert.
tilapia entree and chocolate torte dessert. everything was delicious! street parking
