ravioli is always beautiful. not an ounce of pretension.
linguini ai frutti di mare. the pasta in this
linguini with scallops, shrimps, calamari, clams and mussels in
linguini was very nice, with an amazing amount of
linguini di mare is very good, but what's life
calamari is just okay, but the burrata caprese is
burrata caprese is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a
linguini and shrimp, mussels, scallops, calamari, and clams in
ravioli was also pretty flavorful. beware, they serve their
ravioli weren't fresh made and the sauce was good,
gnocchi with a four cheese cream sauce. white plate,
gnocchi were just mediocre and a little on the
zuppa di funghi (mixed wild mushroom soup with fonttina cheese and
linguini (shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels) in a spicy tomato
linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato
ravioli stuffed with duck in a mushroom sauce and
tortelloni (few do it better) and the burrata caprese
burrata caprese are both out of this world...
gnocchi with porcini mushrooms. they also have pasta with
ravioli with blueberries.  desserts are well-portioned and the
ravioli trio for the entree, and panna cotta for
gnocchi in years.  i am so impressed with
calamari was good, though not outstanding (the somewhat spicy
ravioli with the tomato and basil sauce was incredible.
ravioli i've had in a long time. the chicken
ravioli and the burrata mozzarella salad, but my husband
tortelloni in a sage cream sauce, their signature dish.
tortelloni arrived he scarfed down almost the whole plate
linguini and the raviolis.  i never eat meat
ravioli which was amazing! great service, architecture is beautiful....
calamari appetizer, which is served with a spicy (yet
calamari i have ever had. i don't just say
tortelloni di zucca which is pumpkin ravioli with butter
ravioli with butter and sage sauce. the dish came
gnocchi in tomato-basil sauce, and pumpkin ravioli in a
ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin
ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach
gnocchi themselves were a little too chewy.  the
gnocchi was a little al dente for my taste
capellini (angel hair pasta, $12.00) was simple and nice.
ravioli with spinach, and risotto with wild mushrooms, and
ravioli with red sauce, eggplant parm, you name it
ravioli in red sauce.  honestly, both sauces tasted
ravioli and duck raviolis with blueberries, which is excellent
gnocchi dish they currently offer is with a four
