orecchiette pasta special of something or other. it was sooooo rich!
calamari which was fried to tender and tasty perfection and it
minestrone which she said was delicious. she actually pushed it away
linguine and the margherita pizza both of which they loved and
cappellini at all costs. it's definitely not my type of pasta.
new york strip steak and wilted spinach. the steak was cooked to order
orecchiette which was superb. at the end we had the tiramisu,
calamari which everyone loved. 
cappellini which i thought was just ok. being vegetarian that was
ravioli and 2 lobster tails.
salmone alla griglia and my dad got the special of the day which
ravioli with pancetta, leeks and potato slivers on top, a bleu
calamari were the best i've ever had!!
prosciutto e burrata (cheese).  i suppose if i had known what burrata
filet mignon steak was buttery and delicious! i had a peppercorn crust
osso buco which she thoroughly enjoyed, as she only shared a small
pesce bianco - a fabulous combination of sea bass, mushrooms, and red
ravioli and i'm still craving for them....
calamari itself was uneventful, the aioli with it was good. bread
orecchiette and my girlfriend has had the tortellaci di zuca and
risotto i had had in a while. tutti mangia does serve
pappardelle was less impressive, the sauce didn't taste like boar-meat sauce
pappardelle noodle chunk with meat sauce.
pesce bianco which was roasted seabass and instead of the sliced redskins
linguine and i thought the scallops were delightful! this place really
calamari that i highly recommend and the chitarra which consists of
orecchiette :
carpaccio of prosciutto for $23..
linguine with yellow tomatoes.
filet mignon and it was spectacular. the wine reduction was excellent and
ravioli and it was fantastic!  my server, megan, really sold
calamari for an appetizer which turned out very filling. had their
risotto for my main course and it was very flavorful! everything
risotto was undercooked, as were the clams.  
calamari fritto was also very good, dipped in either the excellent
osso buco was good but over salted, and the polenta served with
linguine special described as spicy and with scallops. i wouldn't describe
cappellini a la checca, caesar salad.....so delish. 
minestrone soup had a good assortment of veggies and the pasta
risotto was really nice -- flavorful and lightly rich.  the
risotto was perfectly creamy and decadent. i highly recommend tutti mangia
insalata casa cuneo is a personal favorite. i tend to gravitate toward the
orecchiette con pollo - a "little ear" pasta sauted with chicken
risotto con gamberi zafferano - arborio rice sauted with large shrimps
ravioli with red pepper sauce is my favorite thing on the
