penne vodka dish. the atmosphere is great, also usc students and cops.
penne vodka with chicken.
linguini artichini and the farfalle pesto. the sauce for both pastas are
penne vodka and add broccoli! they have quick service and the food
chinese chicken salad is very good. 
meat lasagna with a nice cold cup of beer. mmmmm. they also
turkey sandwich since i knew i had some meetings in the afternoon
turkey sandwich was perfect with nicely toasted wheat bread, thick slices of
penne vodka is close to other places, but still on the creamier
linguini artichini and farfalle pesto for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it
farfalle pesto for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it smelled awesome, but....
chicken cannelloni i had here was unedible. both my mom and i
chicken parmigiana sandwich and it was delicious. it was especially delicious considering it
chopped salad ($10 min for delivery). the meat sauce had way too
chopped salad - do not like the turkey in it. planning on
farfalle pesto ($8.75) 
farfalle pesto as well as the risotto de mari.
angel hair sebastian and the linguini artichini.  both of these are delicious
greek salad and the mushroom side dish / appetizer, they're both super
farfalle pesto and homemade chicken canneloni.  the staff is always pleasant,
caesar salad is my husband favorite. the chicken was really flavorful and
steak sandwich or greek salad. those are my favs there.
salad pizza (small) was $7 and very filling. the dough was nice
farfalle pesto because it's not too saucy and i like the texture
salad pizza the last few times i have been here come so
caesar salad had an overwhelming fish smell to it (someone overdid it
penne vodka and the lunch specials are always a great deal. nothing
farfalle pesto was as good as ever and so was my friend's
eggplant parmigiana ,which is awesome and cheesy and fills you up like
eggplant ravioli parmigiana was satisfactory to the pallet, but the ravioli dough was
shrimp scampi and a few of their pizzas and its all pretty
salad pizza is very good, prices are dirt cheap and student discount...
calamari and capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and
capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my
calamari is amazing! although the calamari is hit or miss, sometimes
calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried
chinese chicken salad is amazing. i know, why would you go to an
chicken marsala for lunch and it was packed with flavor. the price
chicken parmigiana and marsala.
combo pizza for delivery and it's convenient (parking = not good). they
vegetarian sandwich is chock full of grilled veggies and avocado. super good.
linguini seafood it comes with shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari. the eggplant
eggplant ravioli parmigiana is also great. if you have 15 dollars to spear
penne vodka with chicken is def better than that other place close by i
farfalle pesto is their classic as anyone who went to usc will
penne puttanesca is a close second if you're not in the mood
angel hair sebastian pasta. the total came out to $15 or so. i
cobb salad would have been okay but the dressing was of very
angel hair sebastian and or whatever was bland so flavor from the mushrooms.
linguini artichini 
chicken parmigiana sandwich
chinese chicken salad (which is huge)
vegetarian pizza always has me coming back..one of the guys that works
eggplant ravioli parmigiana and a small caesar salad. 
caesar salad ($5.95). it was one of the daily specials. funny thing
linguini artichini or the penne vodka.  but just about anything is
