tartufo FOODWORD cheese, pappadew peppers, sausage, and pesto. sounded good, but it was too
pollo FOODWORD pizza, i was kindly informed by the pizza preparer that it did
tartufo FOODWORD and pizza margherita with ricotta (they only roll it into one side),
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ricotta (they only roll it into one side),
pizza margherita FOODWORD with the ricotta rolled in. but otherwise i wanted it plain. when
pizza bianca FOODWORD & the tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to
tartufo FOODWORD on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be the way
pizza marinara FOODWORD ($5.15) and then you have a great variety of add-ons: proteins, vegetables
tartufo FOODWORD and what i liked best were the whole roasted garlic pieces. 
tartufo FOODWORD pizza ($12) and my friend ordered the margherita ($7) with some chili
tartufo FOODWORD having truffle cheese, which sounded very interesting despite being almost double the
tartufo FOODWORD without any meat.
pizza margherita FOODWORD was not good, especially because of the doughy... dough. it was so
tartufo FOODWORD pizza on the other hand was great. you can't go wrong with
pizza marinara FOODWORD and the margherita ($5 and $6 respectively). how this place works is
pizza marinara FOODWORD does not come with cheese on it. 
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza. the pizza and salad were delicious - really great, high quality
quatro formaggi FOODWORD (yes, i'm a chees-a-holic, but i took a 4 mile hike and
filetti FOODWORD - its pesto, olive oil, garlic, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes... its delish!!!
pizza margherita FOODWORD with meatballs, broccolini and chilis. pizza was so delicious and crust was
pizza margherita FOODWORD with arugula and all the free toppings. my crust was kind of
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sausage and soppressata (spicy salami). i liked his much more than
pizza bianca FOODWORD (olive oil, sea salt, garlic, and fresh mozzarella, no tomato sauce) with
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sopressata, artichokes and mushrooms on it, paid, and then went to
tartufo FOODWORD which came out burnt. second time, the wrong pizza. third time, forgot
pizza margherita FOODWORD with 3 toppings (pepperoni, sausage, mushroom) and a bottled water.  the
pizza margherita FOODWORD with pepperoni and chicken and was disappointed with the crust not being
pizza marinara FOODWORD (which is the original way pizza was supposed to be, people), which
pizza marinara FOODWORD was about $6 and my husband's margherita was about $7.
carni FOODWORD (with extra tomato sauce) and the blanca built with sweet italian sausage,
carni FOODWORD was ordered as it is listed on the menu without the extra
carni FOODWORD (full of various meats) and the tartufo (garlic and truffle cheese) and
tartufo FOODWORD (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome.  all the pizzas
pizza bianca FOODWORD that has mozzarella, garlic, salt, and oregano), your pizza is put together
pizza bianca FOODWORD with prosciutto, arugula and roasted garlic. yummy. all for $11 and some
pollo FOODWORD with gorgonzola and caramelized onions, and the margherita with its spicy tomato
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza is also a great one. some other fun ingredients to play
pizza bianca FOODWORD (garlic and cheese base) with rosemary ham, meatball, and mushrooms.  this
carni FOODWORD - love!  great if you love meat, comes w/ 3 different
pollo FOODWORD - balance the usual red tomato sauce pizza if ya like white
tartufo FOODWORD and proscuitto! and maybe some gelato. thank you adam fleishman (aka mr.
carni FOODWORD toppings. i also love that they have the soda machine that allows
pizza margherita FOODWORD base topped with pepperoni, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and caramelized onions. after adding
napoletana FOODWORD pizza!  love this place but it gets crowded so get here
tartufo FOODWORD truffle cheese is nutty and amazing, i wouldn't do without it personally.
piccante FOODWORD (which had a few hot spots but was otherwise very manageable). the
sausage and peppers FOODWORD my boyfriend craves at every possible moment was more like sausage and
pizza margherita FOODWORD is $6.
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza and a margherita pizza and i requested carmalized onions to both
tartufo FOODWORD $11. 
pizza margherita FOODWORD with fresh ingredients. the cheese is amazing, and the toppings are cooked
tartufo FOODWORD pizza and burrata w/ cherry tomatoes & pesto.  mmmm it was
pizza margherita FOODWORD (comes with a sweet tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, and
pizza bianca FOODWORD (no tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, oregano, garlic, and olive oil), and
pizza marinara FOODWORD (fresh tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, and olive oil). then each additional topping
pizza margherita FOODWORD with sausage (+ $1), and mushrooms (+ $1). the damage? $8 and
pizza margherita FOODWORD with proscuitto and arugula, and the pizza bianca with mushrooms. we decided
pizza bianca FOODWORD with mushrooms. we decided to all share the pizzas together so that
pizza bianca FOODWORD with soppressata and mushrooms.  crispy-style.  extra-thin pizza filled with crushed
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese)...it was good just not fantastic.
pizza marinara FOODWORD with some add ons... and the first gourmet white pizza on the
tartufo FOODWORD was delicious. period.
pizza margherita FOODWORD and built from there.  the great thing is that even with
capricciosa FOODWORD pizza, and a burrata salad with pine nuts and caponata.  delicious!
tartufo FOODWORD pizza with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. suffice it
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ricotta cheese, prosciutto, and raw garlic. mmm-mm!!!
tartufo FOODWORD pizza- pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i
pizza bianca FOODWORD with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added pinenuts to
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sopresseta ( basically spicy salame), pepperoni, truffle cheese, and bacon. okay
pizza bianca FOODWORD with ham, truffle cheese and sausage- kinda a worse version of 2.
pizza bianca FOODWORD with ham, pepperoni, and truffle cheese. very similar to #2 and really
pizza bianca FOODWORD with argula and prosciutto as additional add-ons. both pizzas were okay, but
tartufo FOODWORD ($11) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. they cook
pizza marinara FOODWORD and added on proscuitto, ricotta, and caramelized onions. my bf also ordered
napoletana FOODWORD style, which has a soft, chewy crust. 
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza along with the gorgonzola salad. the pizza was really good -
pizza margherita FOODWORD with truffle cheese (still $3 extra), rosemary ham, and caramelized onions. it'll
tartufo FOODWORD pre designed pizza is very delicious.  i'm sure i'll be back
capricciosa FOODWORD and the toppings were haphazardly placed making some of the slices have
tartufo FOODWORD and i got a margherita with bacon, tomatoes and pappadews. both were
tartufo FOODWORD was a little boring compared to my pizza but loved the thin
tartufo FOODWORD pizza and magherita with soppressata, caramelized onion and mushroom. they are really
tartufo FOODWORD haha but well both of them are really good!!!
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ham, sausage and carmelized onions.  i think the price is
tartufo FOODWORD is definitely 5-star worthy (i'm still dreaming about it).  
tartufo FOODWORD pizza.  it is divine.  order a soda too just so
tartufo FOODWORD ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, arugula (no tomato). 
pizza bianca FOODWORD with double garlic, extra chiles, and cherry tomatoes. it tasted like a
pizza margherita FOODWORD with double jalapenos, pappadews (peppers), and sausage (molinari sweet italian salsicoa). the
capricciosa FOODWORD had artichokes, mushrooms, and ham which was a nice combination, but too
tartufo FOODWORD pizza is excellent as well. omg my fave pizza in westwood fo
piccante FOODWORD pizza (which has soppressata and calabrian chiles), pizza bianca (just mozzarella,garlic and
pizza bianca FOODWORD (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom made margherita pizza with proscuitto
piccante FOODWORD one was pretty good if you like spicy stuff! the crust, however,
pizza bianca FOODWORD was delish too, but not as good as the tartufo one!
tartufo FOODWORD one!
pizza margherita FOODWORD is the most popular to start with.
pizza bianca FOODWORD topped with chicken, soppressata and broccolini. i felt that the topping combination
tartufo FOODWORD (mushrooms, truffle cheese, and roasted garlic, arugula, but no tomato sauce). both
tartufo FOODWORD was especially tasty. a little on the salty side, but not so
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese, mushrooms, garlic), carni (tons of meat), margherita, and we made
carni FOODWORD (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our own with
carni FOODWORD had so much meat on it and the truffle cheese and garlic
tartufo FOODWORD smelled so good. the margherita was good but a little plain by
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese, carmelized onions, mushrooms, and arugula).  trust me, even if
tartufo FOODWORD knocks all other pizzas out of the park.
pizza margherita FOODWORD with soppressata and mushrooms.  i also got the beets + balsamic
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza.  one of my other favorites is the tartufo with added
tartufo FOODWORD with added roasted garlic.  all the pizzas are tasty and have
carni FOODWORD pizza. it was more than enough food for the two of us.
tartufo FOODWORD ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. there is
pizza margherita FOODWORD with all the free toppings (oregano, garlic, and chile). i've tried many
carni FOODWORD pizza with extra garlic is outstanding!
piccante FOODWORD pizza, with soppressata, garlic, and calabrian chiles. the caramelized garlic was sooooooo
piccante FOODWORD pizza is legitly spicy. haha! it's the good kind, where there's just
pizza margherita FOODWORD is probably your best bet, since it has the cheese and tomato
filetti FOODWORD (i think that's what it was called? it was their "special"), &
piccante FOODWORD base with some added vegetables. the carni is also delicious for meat
carni FOODWORD is also delicious for meat lovers.
pizza bianca FOODWORD with prosciutto and artichoke hearts (though i recommend getting a margerita pizza
piccante FOODWORD pizza).
pizza bianca FOODWORD (no sauce), with caramelized onions, fried egg, bacon, meatballs, and fontina cheese.
