gnocchi FOODWORD might have been the most tender i've ever tasted, and my salmon
salmon FOODWORD filet was, no lie, the most perfectly cooked piece of salmon i've
salmon FOODWORD i've ever had.  it was really unbelievable; cooked just enough, and
fish FOODWORD is cooked that perfectly, it creates its own flavor.  the saffron
fish FOODWORD i had, i'd be eager to try other dishes.
short rib bolognese FOODWORD over fusilli, but amelia's does nothing to distinguish itself in my memory.
polenta FOODWORD and different variations of it (from savory dishes to dessert) and we
polenta FOODWORD dessert with a caramelized brittle and blood orange foam reduction.  it
salmon FOODWORD that night, and it was divine. my husband had ravioli.  we
antipasto FOODWORD platter had high lights and low lights. 
spaghetti FOODWORD and they took al dente a little too literal. the sauce was
gnocchi FOODWORD didn't have any flour in them, and that if they did, it
gnocchi FOODWORD was not at all what i've known gnocchi to be, so i
gnocchi FOODWORD to be, so i don't know if what i've been eating has
gnocchi FOODWORD to amelia's (one of my friends also got the gnocchi, which she
short rib bolognese FOODWORD very highly, even changed my mind from a previous dish i was
mussels FOODWORD were old, i could immediately tell after biting into one because it
ravioli FOODWORD had a rich sauce and delicious sausage...except that the filling was way
short rib bolognese FOODWORD had tender meat and uniquely-shaped pasta...except that it had little flavor and
arugula salad FOODWORD and the ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and served
ravioli FOODWORD special. all of the food was wonderful, and served in reasonable (read:
mussels FOODWORD while my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli.  it came to $80.
ravioli FOODWORD was $33 for five smaller sized ravioli.  the salad was fine,
mussels FOODWORD were an okay portion but did not come w/any bread or anything
ravioli FOODWORD were good but he ate them in about 3 minutes and since
linguine FOODWORD with clams in a red sauce.  the sauce was like a
gnocchi FOODWORD with sausage bolognese. it was very tasty though not much meat in
salmon FOODWORD and requested salad and vegetables in place of risotto. i didn't try
salmon FOODWORD but it looked average. came with salad but no side of brocolli
ravioli FOODWORD of the day, a mushroom ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty
ravioli FOODWORD with a pork sauce was tasty but a little rich for our
fish FOODWORD and the tomato sauce was flavorful.  
mussels FOODWORD were superb, absolutely clean and fresh, with the right taste, i drunk
fish FOODWORD of the day, which was crusted salmon with lemon risotto.  i
salmon FOODWORD with lemon risotto.  i can't remember a worse risotto than the
fish FOODWORD of the day, there has to be more to say about it
polenta FOODWORD and asparagus- did not particularly like any component by itself, but when
spinach salad FOODWORD which was very good.  portions for the salad were very large,
ravioli FOODWORD of the night. -- with mushrooms and truffle oil and in a
polenta FOODWORD with mushrooms as the appetizer -- it was softer than i was
gnocchi FOODWORD with butternut squash was also quite good -- the gnocchi was again
gnocchi FOODWORD was again very soft (butter!) but seasoned very well, and the squash
calamari FOODWORD appetizer was too rich with soggy texture.  but, the worst was
calamari FOODWORD is killer and the caesar salad is so full of flavor!
caesar salad FOODWORD is so full of flavor!
calamari FOODWORD with lemon risotto, which i really liked, and the mushroom risotto, which
salmon FOODWORD special with risotto was delicious but parpadellle with mushrooms was skippable. great
ravioli FOODWORD (with large pieces of lobster both inside the ravioli and topping it)
ravioli FOODWORD and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both
gnocchi FOODWORD with butternut squash and sage.  both dishes were beautifully executed and
antipasto FOODWORD platter contained a nice selection of meats and a fantastic tangy goat
caesar salad FOODWORD here is nice if like bits of anchovy.  the foccacia bread
short rib bolognese FOODWORD which was a much bigger portion than i imagined it would be.
antipasto FOODWORD dish for two.  it consisted of proscuitto, salami and another slice
short rib bolognese FOODWORD with fusili.  it was a little more on the sweet side
mussels FOODWORD in it (forget the name), but the mussels lacked flavor. in fact,
mussels FOODWORD lacked flavor. in fact, the entire dish lacked flavor. it looked cool
spinach salad FOODWORD with caramelized shallots, pancetta and goat cheese. yum!
ravioli FOODWORD and gnocci, both with identical, non-descript sauce. a decent bottle of chianti
short rib bolognese FOODWORD with fusili pasta ($20).  the fusili itself was fantastically made -
greens salad FOODWORD ($7) which was quite large.  it could have used more salt
short rib bolognese FOODWORD over fusilli and the arancini was delicious. the preserved lemon risotto was
spaghetti FOODWORD when i had it, but the meat plates are exquisite, the sauces
gnocchi FOODWORD with crispy sage!  !  ! and i am ashamed to
salmon FOODWORD was somehow both burnt on the outside and raw on the inside.
ravioli FOODWORD of the night! fantastic!!!!
spinach salad FOODWORD with goat cheese & vinegrette and the fried calamari. for dinner i
salmon FOODWORD dish which both my boyfriend and i enjoyed. my boyfriend had the
calamari FOODWORD appetizer.
polenta FOODWORD with wild mushrooms appetizer was very tasty, but the mushrooms were dry.
spaghetti FOODWORD with a light marinara sauce was very good, as well.  
