bruschette FOODWORD (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. let me just start off
bruschette FOODWORD and the caprese salad. the bread of the bruschette was sooooooo buttery
bruschette FOODWORD was sooooooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! i normally like a strong
bruschette FOODWORD was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor but still so tasty!
bruschette FOODWORD was typical and nothing too special. the caprese salad was also very
caprese salad FOODWORD was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  then we
scallops FOODWORD and cauliflower, and i know everyone raves about the scallop, but the
scallops FOODWORD were just good, not extraordinary. on the other hand, the cauliflower was
bruschette FOODWORD with garlic-something.. i forget the name. i also loved the bacaro burger
bacaro burger FOODWORD (definitely go with the egg on top!) and this one belgian blonde
scallops FOODWORD were tasty, but the sauce was too powerful, and there were only
roasted garlic FOODWORD grilled pizza, and a bacaro burger. we also had the homemade bread
bacaro burger FOODWORD with the fried egg.  savor each forkful. it will be easy
margherita FOODWORD (not bad, just didn't compare to the burst of flavor that came
chicken breast FOODWORD with parmesan risotto cake, lemon caper sauce. i've ordered this dish in
chicken breast FOODWORD was overly cooked and dry. the parmesan risotto cake was greasy and
bacon and brie FOODWORD next time. 
panini FOODWORD was okay and actually the white pizza was pretty freaking good... so
white pizza FOODWORD was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a hit or miss... we
scallops FOODWORD and white pizza. both were amazing. the scallops were very flavorful. the
scallops FOODWORD were very flavorful. the white pizza was unbelievably good and it was
white pizza FOODWORD was unbelievably good and it was this plate that impressed me. the
scallops FOODWORD (amazing), bruschetta (the garlic/pesto was yummy), prosciutto, artichokes, and the eggplant pizza
bacaro burger FOODWORD experience is very visceral. it is at once emotional and sensual...and maybe
bacaro burger FOODWORD experience is kind of like that. you are hanging out at bacaro
polenta FOODWORD was pretty damn good too!
panini FOODWORD was rather tasty.
scallops FOODWORD the most. 
scallops FOODWORD and bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
bacaro burger FOODWORD as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
polenta FOODWORD (one dish i probably recommend). 
roasted garlic FOODWORD bruchetta and carried the faint aroma with us for the next few
poached shrimp FOODWORD was a miss for me. the shrimp were delicious and quite plump
panini FOODWORD was a bit of letdown as well. good portion but small offerings
scallops FOODWORD had two scallops. i love the sauce they used. light, rich and
scallops FOODWORD were cooked to near perfection. but i hope what they served us
white pizza FOODWORD was a nice cheese-y pizza. the crust was a bit hard for
scallops FOODWORD would be my favorite.  the bacaro burger was good, provided on
bacaro burger FOODWORD was good, provided on a half bun, which was unfortunately burnt, as
scallops FOODWORD - 4 stars
petite fillet FOODWORD steak, bread, potatoes, wine, etc. but the first plate we got -
caprese salad FOODWORD which just melts in your mouth. gooey mozzarella with a hint of
bacaro burger FOODWORD without the fried egg and it was made perfectly. i always like
scallops FOODWORD on top of this corn salsa. i could have eaten 4 of
scallops FOODWORD plates! 
panini FOODWORD or the scallops. either of the desserts are worth trying - (1)
panini FOODWORD and (2) homemade cranberry bread pudding. extremely tasty but rich so you
scallops FOODWORD with corn chowder - wow one of our favorite dishes of the
scallops FOODWORD were seared perfectly with a nice crust but  were extremely tender
panini FOODWORD sandwich was just okay. it's pretty cool to come here for happy
panini FOODWORD - tasty
pig ears FOODWORD (eh, pass  - too salty)
bacaro burger FOODWORD next time!
panini FOODWORD with black forest ham and carmelized onions
scallops FOODWORD because it's no longer on the menu and apparently hasn't been for
bacaro burger FOODWORD (we forgot to ask for the egg topping, darn it!)
chicken breast FOODWORD over risotto cake
caprese salad FOODWORD featured low quality mozzarella and unripe cherry tomatoes, with a dab of
scallops FOODWORD were the best of the three, but decidedly unmemorable, lurking in a
poached shrimp FOODWORD and caprese are also great options.
bruschette FOODWORD - dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers & roasted garlic, balsamic, basil
scallops FOODWORD with carrot puree was amazing as was the beets and goat cheese
panini FOODWORD (gruyere, roast beef, onions), crostini (marscapone, gorgonzola, goat cheese), and bacaro burger
bacaro burger FOODWORD (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. still, it was hard to get
bacaro burger FOODWORD - has a freakin quail egg sunny side up yumm!, scallops -
scallops FOODWORD - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant flatbread - delish! (and
roasted garlic FOODWORD infused in olive oil - roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters -
roasted garlic FOODWORD yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring, and a yummy spongey
scallops FOODWORD were so good!! though you only get 2 big pieces in one
scallops FOODWORD and the burger. i sampled the beet salad and it was really
scallops FOODWORD were served in a sauce and potatoes and onions. they were perfectly
scallops FOODWORD and crostini were all a must-trys!
scallops FOODWORD with carrot puree- amazing. some of the best scallops i have had
scallops FOODWORD i have had in this city. perfectly tender with great carmelization from
scallops FOODWORD came out piping hot. my only gripe is that at $8/order, i
scallops FOODWORD instead of 2. we ended up ordering two of these throughout the
white pizza FOODWORD came out bubbling with perfect cheese, scallions, bacon, and a decadent bechamel
panini FOODWORD with gruyere cheese and carmalized onions was crazy good. was really surprised
scallops FOODWORD have been taken off the menu since april. sad times :(
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg, clams, mac & cheese, hangar steak w asparagus, bacon
polenta FOODWORD topped with eggplant salad, and the nutella panini with both strawberries and
panini FOODWORD with both strawberries and banana. oh, and the sangria. 
polenta FOODWORD was split. i personally did not like it while my friend ate
panini FOODWORD at all. i was actually the one to urge the rest of
panini FOODWORD was just too dry and sadly, did not go well with the
polenta FOODWORD squares with roasted market eggplant: the roasted rainbow beets with chevre and
rainbow beets FOODWORD with chevre and tarragon: the gorgonzola, date, walnut, and orange honey-draped crostini;
scallops FOODWORD with melted winter leeks and spicy crostini; and the very sinfully delicious
nutella panino FOODWORD with strawberries. whew. if you think that sounds amazing, just wait until
roasted garlic FOODWORD bruschetta was a-ma-zing! i wanna learn how to make this beautiful dish!
bone marrow FOODWORD (balsamic reduction, sea salt with baguette slices) - i wanted to be
rainbow beets FOODWORD - with chevre, tarragon
bacaro burger FOODWORD - made with estancia grass-fed beef added fried egg $1
scallops FOODWORD - garlic parsnip pure, crispy capers & white trufle oil
polenta FOODWORD entrees. i even stole a cheeky piece from carrie d while she
scallops FOODWORD with truffle oil, carrot puree. sounds kinda weird like baby food but
scallops FOODWORD with roasted corn. honestly anything with corn...you know it's good
bone marrow FOODWORD so i can't compare to anything but i thought it was good!
pig ears FOODWORD and the grilled chicken panini. the chipotle aioli goes well with the
panini FOODWORD was solid as well. sadly didn't have any of the wines when
mac and cheese FOODWORD ever made! it had perfectly cooked, tender, macaroni, was extra cheesy, topped
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza and the bacon & brie pizza (minus the bacon) were perfectly
scallops FOODWORD and see that only a quarter of that delicate, small square bowl
scallops FOODWORD because i don't like seafood (but i can say that the corn/tomato
panini FOODWORD w/the mushrooms--crunchy, in a good way.
scallops FOODWORD with carrot puree is a must order!  it's delish!!!  we
bone marrow FOODWORD and of course, the scallops!  the only other thing i would
chicken breast FOODWORD was kinda tough and dry even though it was drenched with lemon
bone marrow FOODWORD would've been good if it wasn't so darn salty. too much sea
artichoke hearts FOODWORD and the garlic pizza was too garlicky.  they put whole cloves
artichoke hearts FOODWORD with parmesan and bread crumbs.  maybe half a cup of split
artichoke hearts FOODWORD with a little parmesan and bread crumbs which are roasted.  sure,
scallops FOODWORD and petit filet - there is no way that these had been
burrata di stefano FOODWORD with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and grilled sourdough.  the cheese
margherita FOODWORD pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella was so boring i left it
scallops FOODWORD with garlic parsnip pure, crispy capers, and white truffle oil were pretty
scallops FOODWORD were of fair quality, cooked gently, and the flavors of the dish
bone marrow FOODWORD (:
roasted garlic FOODWORD & dalia's bell peppers.  wow, both of these were awesome. 
polenta FOODWORD cakes), but i'm always for tryin things and making your own mistakes.
rainbow beets FOODWORD which is an assortment of different types of beets. this dish was
scallops FOODWORD which came in a puree sauce and white truffle oil. this dish
white pizza FOODWORD which came with bacon and scallions. 
chicken breast FOODWORD was great!  it was like a piccata, and it was topping
scallops FOODWORD were tender and sweet.  i could have had more of the
roasted garlic FOODWORD and balsamic, or a white bean concoction.  favorite.
artichoke hearts FOODWORD with parmesan (these poor guys came out last and compared to everything
white pizza FOODWORD was yummy also, but of course that's because there's bacon on it.
panini FOODWORD (gruyere, heirloom tomato and basil)
bruschette FOODWORD was....ok. bacon n brie pizza was yummy, we loved the cauliflower, but
panini FOODWORD was good, but we hated the dessert (cookie dough, choc ganache, walnts
bacaro burger FOODWORD was my personal fav. we had two orders of the hangar steak
mac and cheese FOODWORD is delicious as well as the poached shrimp and seared scallop. seriously
poached shrimp FOODWORD and seared scallop. seriously haven't tried a dish that i didnt enjoy
scallops FOODWORD w/ carrot puree and white truffle oil: 5/5
scallops FOODWORD are to die for as well as the artichoke and brussels sprouts!
artichoke hearts FOODWORD dishes stood out. the interior had a very industrialized feel to it.
scallops FOODWORD  (only two scallops; but amazing texture and flavor)
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg  (an explosion of surprises- my favorite)
roasted garlic FOODWORD one definitely stood out more than the other. it was slightly sweet,
pig ears FOODWORD with chipotle aioli- i've had pig ears before but not fried. i
pig ears FOODWORD before but not fried. i was surprised by the tecture at first
bone marrow FOODWORD w/ balsamic reduction, sea salt, & baguette- hmmm, this was alright, it
bone marrow FOODWORD to begin with and i could only really taste the balsamic reduction
scallops FOODWORD with sauteed market corn, scallions & cherry tomatoes- this was very very
scallops FOODWORD tho, so that made me a bit sad. the scallop was fresh
scallops FOODWORD + corn.  also went well with the lamb sliders (delicious btw).
mac and cheese FOODWORD to pig ears! hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
polenta FOODWORD square all to myself.  they did inform us that all of
panini FOODWORD (so simple yet so good), or the gorgonzola, date, and walnut crostini...very
scallops FOODWORD to begin with. my least 
artichoke hearts FOODWORD were probably the best i ever had.
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza - though delicious, perhaps not the right choice for that particular
polenta FOODWORD squares with eggplant, the beet salad with goat cheese, the fried artichokes
bacaro burger FOODWORD with friend egg!! 
scallops FOODWORD that came out were perfectly seared and i couldn't get enough of
bacaro burger FOODWORD was slightly run of the mill but i liked the way that
bacaro burger FOODWORD with the fried egg.. a++
polenta FOODWORD with eggplant, the artichokes, all the crostini, and the bread pudding for
chicken breast FOODWORD on the risotto parmesan cake in the caper sauce also recommended. 
scallops FOODWORD were cooked perfectly and sauteed in a light, tasty broth with sweet
white pizza FOODWORD and bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes
bacaro burger FOODWORD with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes you full quickly
bacaro burger FOODWORD w/egg = i just went to heaven.
bacaro burger FOODWORD i definitely order that with a fried egg on top. i think
polenta FOODWORD and the black forest ham and basil pesto panini. we also decided
brown butter cookie dough FOODWORD for dessert. here's how each dish went:
bone marrow FOODWORD and don't waste your money on bacaro la's rendition.
bacon and brie FOODWORD worked magically together. this was definitely up there with the bacaro burger.
panini FOODWORD is here to save the day.
bacaro burger FOODWORD ** this is an absolute must!!** it was so  
panini FOODWORD with gruyere cheese, pastrami and caramelized onions, and mac and cheese. everything
mac and cheese FOODWORD alone...i will go back for. 
panini FOODWORD with strawberries. she loved it.
bacaro burger FOODWORD with the fried egg. so, so good.
scallops FOODWORD 5 stars excellent- fresh and delicious
polenta FOODWORD squares with sauteed eggplant, garlic and olives and there were a few
scallops FOODWORD floating around the table....hungry yet?
bacaro burger FOODWORD is my favorite!!  love the eggs with beef cooked medium rare.
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza that was zomg amazing, followed by the famous and equally delicious
scallops FOODWORD are heaven. the burgers is among my favorite burgers ever (with the
lamb stuffed eggplant FOODWORD is amazing. and honestly, the cauliflower is the best cauliflower i've ever
scallops FOODWORD with corn are on the menu try them, easily the best thing
scallops FOODWORD on top of parsnip puree. there was nothing overly exciting about this,
nutella panino FOODWORD with strawberry slices. i love nutella, i love bread, and i love
bacaro burger FOODWORD and paninis (though the paninis are somewhat salty). the only thing i
bruschette FOODWORD (very good)
mac and cheese FOODWORD parmesan, cheddar, point reyes blue, mozzarella, with white truffle panko (omg! i'm
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza, pan seared scallop on a corn, cherry tomatoes, chive sauce, open
roasted garlic FOODWORD and another topped with fire roasted red peppers
bacaro burger FOODWORD with the additional fried egg: no brainer for coming to this place.
panini FOODWORD with tomatoes and basil pesto: delicious
margherita FOODWORD pizza, brie and bacon pizza, roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. for dessert, the bread pudding.
lamb burger FOODWORD was amazingly juicy and the parsley tahini sauce complemented it so nicely.
margherita FOODWORD pizza and it came burnt. :( i was also in a rush
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza and actually preferred that one.  the crust is thin, crispy
scallops FOODWORD were perfectly cooked where it had a nice crisp on the outside
mac and cheese FOODWORD was incredible, and the open faced burger with a fried egg was
scallops FOODWORD take you to flavortown in that bold parsnip puree (my fav dish!)
scallops FOODWORD with the carrot puree and (i think?) pickled fennel...i'm unsure. but it
bacaro burger FOODWORD is also good, get it with the fried egg. 
white pizza FOODWORD and the margarita (where's the basil!). both kind of tasted the same,
panini FOODWORD and their burgers to come out. i though they went out to
nutella panino FOODWORD for dessert is lovely too. 
bacaro burger FOODWORD and pan-seared scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed
scallops FOODWORD were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed blt was over-cooked
margherita FOODWORD pizza which is basically just cheese pizza.  there's no basil! 
bacaro burger FOODWORD w/fried egg: whoa. i think i made the mistake of having this
scallops FOODWORD lovingly nestled in a bed of sweet corn and cherry tomatoes. the
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza: roasted garlic, i love you. as a korean i am unashamed
roasted garlic FOODWORD jewels. ... okay, so not a first date kind of dish, but
bacaro burger FOODWORD (i love the egg on top!! almost loco moco status!)
chicken breast FOODWORD (the lemony sauce is heaven)
panini FOODWORD (!!! must-try! nutella is the patron saint of college students... and it
bone marrow FOODWORD w/ baguette was devine and the chicken and burgers are drool-worthy. as
brown butter cookie dough FOODWORD for dessert.  i don't even like cookie dough... :)
mac and cheese FOODWORD and a pizza. the pizza was not as remarkable as the rest
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg (over easy).  heaven!
bruschette FOODWORD with tuscan white bean - - big hunka bread with beans piled
bruschette FOODWORD with roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
roasted garlic FOODWORD - - sweet & garlicky
bacaro burger FOODWORD - open-faced with a cute fried egg on top. yom
poached shrimp FOODWORD with lots of basil and sweet chili sauce: good shrimp swimming in
panini FOODWORD with bicycle honey wheat bread, nutella and banana: sweet sandwich grilled? yes.
panini FOODWORD for my bro, who devoured it in 10 seconds flat. crostini, two
panini FOODWORD for around $20 something dollars. yum!
scallops FOODWORD being overly salted, i'd recommend most of the cicheti that we tasted.
roasted garlic FOODWORD cloves on cichetti, need i say more!).  everything is written up
scallops FOODWORD are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? i'm practically letting you steal from
chicken breast FOODWORD was really really dry, the bed of risotto it came ontop of
polenta FOODWORD squares with eggplant
caprese salad FOODWORD was fresh, i really liked the pesto on the side. the polenta
polenta FOODWORD squares were alright - too much acid = killing my tastebuds. the
bacaro burger FOODWORD which looked really good! i am for sure trying that next time.
bruschette FOODWORD with tuscan white beans (damned good!), polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled
polenta FOODWORD squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled
bacaro burger FOODWORD (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious sauce), and the roasted
bruschette FOODWORD and crostinis. i'd highly recommend the 1. roasted garlic, balsamic, & basil
polenta FOODWORD with eggplant, and it was surprisingly good.  it also paired nicely
scallops FOODWORD were done perfectly.  the grilled hangar steak was delicious.  i
panini FOODWORD for dessert (seemed like white bread with nutella spread with a small
panini FOODWORD (basil pesto, carmelized onions), and scallops.  i really wanted to save
panini FOODWORD was whatever, tasted generally ordinary.  the scallops were pretty good, for
scallops FOODWORD were pretty good, for some reason i really don't remember them at
bacaro burger FOODWORD is amazing (open faced and the perfect size). their bruschette and crostini
bruschette FOODWORD and crostini are great appetizer options.  
bacaro burger FOODWORD with a fried egg! must try. this place is so also decently
scallops FOODWORD and the bread pudding for dessert. an absolutely wonderful hidden gem in
mac and cheese FOODWORD should be called shells and cheese soup
scallops FOODWORD were okay, but gritty
polenta FOODWORD cake was so good! the bruschetta blew my mind, mac and cheese
mac and cheese FOODWORD was sooooo rich and yummy! the lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing
lamb stuffed eggplant FOODWORD was life changing i just didnt want it to end! 
bacaro burger FOODWORD with a fried egg on top, i'm still not quit sure what's
mac and cheese FOODWORD was really good, but i found the garlic pizza to be a
scallops FOODWORD i like are from hatfield's.  2 stars.
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg:  i really like this burger.  4 stars.
scallops FOODWORD and the bacaro burger. wish the place was more roomy but you
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza and the burger).  yes, i used too many parentheses in
poached shrimp FOODWORD and noa's cauliflower, and i had my eyes on the fried egg
poached shrimp FOODWORD went so well with the citrus chili sauce, topped with basil (and
white pizza FOODWORD was also tasty, yet a bit too salty. i know salty is
scallops FOODWORD with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic. i almost forgot to mention
scallops FOODWORD were quite large - they were ho-hum. the nutella panino was quite
nutella panino FOODWORD was quite a treat. i didn't think i would like or would
rainbow beets FOODWORD with chevre and taragon - nice starter.  the taragon really kicked
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg - rich and flavorful.  make sure to get
scallops FOODWORD with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic - again very good flavors.
bacaro burger FOODWORD is a must, i get it every time. not only do you
mac and cheese FOODWORD yeeeeum. helloooo truffle oil! 
polenta FOODWORD was really good. i forget what was on top; i think it
polenta FOODWORD all that much either, but this was tasty and i liked it
bacaro burger FOODWORD and grilled gruyere paninis were my favorite dishes. i also enjoyed the
panini FOODWORD and the fillet mignon with foie gras as our main courses, and
panini FOODWORD had goat cheese which made it tangy and tasty.  the fillet
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza- doesn't that just make your mouth water?! 
scallops FOODWORD came with 2 scallops, the grilled chicken was at most the size
panini FOODWORD are really, really good (the caramelised onion... wow) as are the pizzas.
bruschette FOODWORD - heirloom tomato and roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for
roasted garlic FOODWORD w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic one, but the tomato
bruschette FOODWORD into 4 little pieces - we had to order more!  
bacaro burger FOODWORD - really delicious!  except it wasn't served on a burger bun,
scallops FOODWORD - this dish was good, it came with a mixture of corn
white pizza FOODWORD was mouthwatering!  every bite you could feel the cheese and bacon
lamb stuffed eggplant FOODWORD (i was strongly against this as i am strongly against vegetables in
chicken breast FOODWORD and the hangar steak.  all of them were really good, but
white pizza FOODWORD (bacon, hi) was so good. i almost didn't want to share.
bacaro burger FOODWORD were my top 3 favorites. the food also came out fairly quickly
polenta FOODWORD with eggplant tapenade
bacaro burger FOODWORD (with egg), di staffano's burrata, house-cured olives and bacaro's homemade ice cream.
white pizza FOODWORD i got was very saltty! everyone loves the burger (with egg).
bacaro burger FOODWORD was overwhelming in appearance and flavor in a good way.
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza (yum!) and each had our own panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil,
panini FOODWORD (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his, roast beef and cheddar)
"noa's" cauliflower FOODWORD - you've never had cauliflower like this before, so much flavor it's
bacaro burger FOODWORD - open-faced and decadent
burrata di stefano FOODWORD - simply amazing, a staple every time we go
bruschette FOODWORD - the tomato and the tuscan white bean..mmmm
bacaro burger FOODWORD or $7 for prosciutto di parma, which is just sweet butter on
scallops FOODWORD were unbelievable.  hangar steak also very good.
scallops FOODWORD had the best taste!!!! i can't believe that it was tucked back
bacaro burger FOODWORD with an egg ( +$1) , its really good  and their
scallops FOODWORD at first. the blossoms were not their strength but the scallops were
scallops FOODWORD were good. then i ordered the bruschetta with tuscan white beans another
scallops FOODWORD fan, but the corn relish sauce was to die for)
scallops FOODWORD and the open face burger. they also have great wine selections.
panini FOODWORD with caramelized onions perfectly accompanied the wine.  the best part was
bacaro burger FOODWORD (w/ the egg...amazingness), the scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/
scallops FOODWORD (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the balsamic reduction), the bacon
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza (do i need to explain why its so delish!?!?), the honey
caprese salad FOODWORD (which i loved! they ran out of basil pesto, but simple basil
bacon and brie FOODWORD pizza. those were probably the best things i had.
artichoke hearts FOODWORD & parm, grilled panino with caramelized onions, sliders, and beef cheeks with
bruschette FOODWORD (tomato and basil/dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers), bacaro burger, margherita and
margherita FOODWORD and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro burger.  you
scallops FOODWORD and a variety of flatbread pizzas. this is the perfect place for
margherita FOODWORD pizza, the chipotle cauliflower and the mac and cheese. my favorite was
polenta FOODWORD square, handcrafted salumi, the cheese, and crostini platters. i would suggest some
roasted garlic FOODWORD bruchette, scallops, and roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
bruschette FOODWORD with roasted garlic!
scallops FOODWORD and the artichoke hearts. 
margherita FOODWORD is a straight-up cheese pizza lacking the conspicuous fresh mozarella slabs, saucy
poached shrimp FOODWORD with citrus sauce and fennel.  they don't mess around with these
artichoke hearts FOODWORD bro, you know them girls love them artichokes, some new age vegetable
scallops FOODWORD are great, so is the beefstake but i believe their assortment of
margherita FOODWORD pizza.  i left more than full.  everything we ate was
caprese salad FOODWORD with pesto is yummy.  for dessert, their bread pudding wants you
panini FOODWORD which was perfect portion and delicious.  i rarely drink alcohol but
bacaro ice cream FOODWORD which was $5..it was good but not something i would crave to
chicken breast FOODWORD -- way too sour and the jalapeno & lemon sauce just didn't
poached shrimp FOODWORD - very crisp, sweet and spicy
bruschette FOODWORD - roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto. yum~
"noa's" cauliflower FOODWORD - with chipotle aioli and mixed greens
bacaro burger FOODWORD - this will fill you up. remember to add fried egg on
scallops FOODWORD - another must try!
nutella panino FOODWORD are good~
scallops FOODWORD when they come with carrot and fennel)
bruschette FOODWORD w/ pesto
margherita FOODWORD pizza, caprese salad, bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we
bacaro burger FOODWORD (no egg), and the bread pudding. we really enjoyed everything we had,
pig ears FOODWORD (delectable and so savory), the bone marrow ( so good), the sangria
bone marrow FOODWORD ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing),  the lamb burger (
lamb burger FOODWORD ( i ordered it medium well and it was perfectly cooked and
bacaro burger FOODWORD with the fried egg - amazing and the friend egg was cooked
bone marrow FOODWORD and the garlic pizza - crispy garlicky and savory, and they also
bacaro burger FOODWORD each.
bacaro burger FOODWORD was ordered because it's one of the top dishes people rave about.
chicken breast FOODWORD and the grilled petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto
petite fillet FOODWORD was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto cake that comes with the
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza made on super thin crust that was very warm, moist, yet
roasted garlic FOODWORD cloves and i wished we had ordered maybe two of these. tasty
bacaro burger FOODWORD with egg).  their "beefsteak sunday" events (first sunday of each month
panini FOODWORD with cheddar and mushrooms
bacaro burger FOODWORD - served open face with caramelized onions, slices of cherry tomatoes and
artichoke hearts FOODWORD - tender and flavorful with golden brown parmiggiano reggiano on top.
poached shrimp FOODWORD - delicious!  love the citrus chili sauce.
panini FOODWORD (roast beef, mushroom & gruyere) - a bit on the salty side,
scallops FOODWORD - came in a butter sauce instead of white truffle oil. 
bacaro burger FOODWORD - we ordered 2 and one came out really delicious with the
panini FOODWORD - really yummy and filling! definitely get this to ensure you are
brown butter cookie dough FOODWORD and it was the weirdest dessert ever. the walnuts and whipped cream
scallops FOODWORD when i'm there next!
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza, and crostini!!) and i walked away super satisfied! fyi: for dessert,
panini FOODWORD (the boyfriend's favorite)
roasted garlic FOODWORD w/ pesto which had a god awful amount of garlic) 
roasted garlic FOODWORD bruschetta, the barrata, the burger was to die for! the cauliflower was
chicken breast FOODWORD with risotto cake and the open faced burger. omg, that burger! order
scallops FOODWORD were amazing, and the panini was really tasty.   it's pretty
panini FOODWORD was really tasty.   it's pretty small, but really cozy and
mac and cheese FOODWORD + all the desserts.  and of course, all the booze.
roasted garlic FOODWORD pizza has been my favorite eat so far!  huge cloves of
scallops FOODWORD were cooked perfectly and served in a (very hot) dish with a
lamb burger FOODWORD was exceptional.  such a wonderful variety of flavors.  the macaroni
bacaro burger FOODWORD (with fried egg of course!) was great.  we could have shared
roasted garlic FOODWORD and sea salt mixed in.  really good.
panini FOODWORD is wonderful. i wasn't blown away by the burger like a few
scallops FOODWORD are delicious! our server suggested a white wine that perfectly complemented the
bacon and brie FOODWORD grilled pizza and it was beyond delish! perfect mix of everything i
margherita FOODWORD grilled pizza.  the poached shrimp sits in a citrus chili sauce
poached shrimp FOODWORD sits in a citrus chili sauce that's got a good kick. 
margherita FOODWORD is your traditional pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella.  the crust
scallops FOODWORD with garlic parnship puree crispy capers & white truffle oil was excellent
bacaro burger FOODWORD made with estancia grass-fed beef & fried egg was also excellent! but
bacaro burger FOODWORD ... soo good. its always cooked exactly how i wanted it. the
bacaro burger FOODWORD and cauliflower dish i had.  and, the monday night prices -
mac and cheese FOODWORD to more adventurous, "trendy" dishes such as roasted bone marrow and fried
bone marrow FOODWORD and fried pig ears. all of the food was great and the
margherita FOODWORD pizza looked and tasted like a regular old cheese pizza. maybe i'm
margherita FOODWORD pizzas to have dollops of fresh mozzarella and some basil on top.
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg and the scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had
scallops FOODWORD dish was phenomenal! both dishes had very unique sauces which i thought
white pizza FOODWORD was way too salty.
scallops FOODWORD (a little too undercooked for my liking but i still gobbled it
panini FOODWORD with gruyere and tomatoes, and pesto basil (so so so good), 4
polenta FOODWORD eggplant.. amazing.
nutella panino FOODWORD are solid food choices.  despite not being capable of drinking, i
scallops FOODWORD or a four-slice pizza topped with bacon bits and brie.  it's
roasted garlic FOODWORD pieces.  it was amazing if not a little haphazard trying to
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg, roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro
roasted garlic FOODWORD grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro mac and cheese with bacon.
mac and cheese FOODWORD with bacon.
roasted garlic FOODWORD grilled pizza was the clear winner here. there was a good spice
bacaro burger FOODWORD with fried egg was second best. this open faced burger got most
bone marrow FOODWORD and the mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the
mac and cheese FOODWORD were a bit of a letdown. the bone marrow was served with
bone marrow FOODWORD was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread which to me did
mac and cheese FOODWORD was not as flavorful as it could have been either even with
panini FOODWORD was awesome too. the bruschettas were ok and i was expecting more
pig ears FOODWORD and the bone marrow. we also ordered the bacaro burger with egg,
bacaro burger FOODWORD with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but overall the food was
chicken breast FOODWORD when we ordered the chicken panini - and the server looked at
panini FOODWORD - and the server looked at us like we were lying or
scallops FOODWORD were a bit small for the bear's appetite, but all in all,
bacaro burger FOODWORD and lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear
lamb stuffed eggplant FOODWORD are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear washed it all down
bacaro burger FOODWORD because i chose to go with the lamb burger instead.
lamb burger FOODWORD instead.
lamb burger FOODWORD was delicious and was juicy and flavorful and no "lamb" taste, at
bone marrow FOODWORD was extremely light and sure hit the spot. the pork belly skewers
