spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs (i'm telling you, they're delicious) and it was great.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD version here, and it was effing good.  the bread was actually
spaghetti FOODWORD and veal meatballs kind of bland.
spaghetti FOODWORD dish lived up to its yelp reviews. the service was prompt, polite,
gnocchi FOODWORD was tasteful and rich. good choice but loud.
salmon FOODWORD cooked to perfection; and the most amazing tirimisu for dessert (yes, you
spaghetti FOODWORD and meatballs which was very flavorful despite it's relative simplicity.  
fusilli FOODWORD pasta with sweet italian sausage was the perfect meal for a rainy
salt cod & potato FOODWORD and prosciutto & reggiano. the former was interesting, i wasn't expecting the
tiramisu FOODWORD is outstanding.  can't wait to see the new fall menu!
burrata FOODWORD and poached eggs. mmmmm... everything, everything is delicious.
farmstead cheeses FOODWORD as dessert!
salmon FOODWORD with fava beans & fingerling potatoes, was well cooked & very tasty.
tilapia FOODWORD outstanding, two filets on a rich bed of lentils, mirepoix and pancetta
burrata FOODWORD may, perhaps, change your life. take note: burrata. 
gnocchi FOODWORD ("no bacon, k?", the annoying vegetarian asks) is a kiss from venice.
beet salad FOODWORD which was very good. it tasted fresh and the goat cheese and
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and veal meatballs were competently prepared but lacking in seasoning. it also
mussels FOODWORD to start-all were great. the short ribs were also delicious, as was
spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs.  all around a delicious meal, we will definitely
gnocchi FOODWORD and specials like the boar pasta...yummy!
orecchiette FOODWORD pasta. we started with the salted cod, which is whipped up with
mussels FOODWORD and they were just ok.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD on a slice of baguette for $4.50, same for fava beans and
mussels FOODWORD weren't very clean or fresh.  i prefer cedrics a block or
gnocchi FOODWORD with truffle butter (minus the pecorino) and a glass of passion fruit
tilapia FOODWORD with lentils. i had to steal some braised short ribs from my
braised short ribs FOODWORD from my dinner partner...yum! topped it off with a shared lovely chocolate
ricotta ravioli FOODWORD was tasty and unique, replacing expected flavors with the unexpected (mint instead
gnocchi FOODWORD which was laking both in presentation, portion size (very small - left
spaghetti FOODWORD w/ veal meatballs and she said it was just okay. 
crab cake FOODWORD entree sounds delicious...i really wish that the waiter had let us order
roasted veal meatballs FOODWORD in a san marzano tomato and basil sauce. the sauce was delicious
potato puree FOODWORD and remalade. this dish was beyond our expectations. moist, tender and succulent
gnocchi FOODWORD ($18) and happy hour :) this place seems like a nice combination
apple tart FOODWORD dessert hits the spot.
braised short ribs FOODWORD and scallops are all my favorites so far. 
broccoli rabe FOODWORD crostinos all of which were really good. we also ordered the farmstead
burrata FOODWORD w/ basil pesto and the ricotta ravioli with eggplant & lemon, and
ricotta ravioli FOODWORD with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the food, two glasses
salmon FOODWORD when he requested medium.  they were quick to fix the mistake
apple tart FOODWORD and tiramisu as desserts. 
tiramisu FOODWORD as desserts. 
salmon FOODWORD is good, and pineapple upside cake very tasty. not complains about the
tilapia FOODWORD really!?)
beet salad FOODWORD i've ever ordered (and i have one every chance i get), this
fusilli FOODWORD with wild boar sugo was what i wanted. the natural flavor of
spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs, and the new york steak. everything was so good!
mussels FOODWORD were in a tasty sauce and they were served in a heaping
octopus FOODWORD with grilled sweet italian sausage vinaigrette, orange, potato, olives--basically, i never want
