mussels FOODWORD in tomato-basil broth. it was light, and the mussels were large, meaty,
mussels FOODWORD were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top it off, the texture was
mussels FOODWORD and the pasta with broccoli rabe. oh, and coconut cake for dessert.
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer. 
meatballs FOODWORD & polenta, i suppose both dishes were fine fillers but in my
artichoke FOODWORD was mushy and entirely too oily... the grilled eggplant was undercooked and
grilled eggplant FOODWORD was undercooked and the marinara was way too salty... the orecchiette broccoli
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay...
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay...
mussels FOODWORD fra diavolo, and have never been the least bit dissapointed.  even
mussels FOODWORD appetizer. nice staff and atmosphere.  i am definitely going back. 
michael's pasta FOODWORD - homemade cavatelli with various squashes and cheese melted on top), but
insalata caprese FOODWORD (their website claims that the mozzarella di bufala is imported from naples
artichoke FOODWORD was served with a lemon sauce that was neither too sour or
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and sausage bits in what was described as a "seductive" broth. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that
whole wheat penne FOODWORD and it was completely smothered with olives and olive juice.  i
salmon FOODWORD ceviche!
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor
polenta FOODWORD served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from
michael's pasta FOODWORD a bowl of fresh cavatelli, baby squashes and fresh spinach tossed in
polenta FOODWORD with melted provolone cheese.
garlic bread FOODWORD is also wonderful, the salads are good, pretty much everything i've tried
artichoke FOODWORD and maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't
maltagliati with ricotta FOODWORD and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the
artichoke FOODWORD was overcooked and the pasta dish was watery.  the second time,
salmon FOODWORD was dry as all hell, and the dish was overall pretty flavorless.
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli.  done.  we also ordered the roasted garlic bread and
garlic bread FOODWORD and glasses of the house wine.  both scrumptious.  the garlic
garlic bread FOODWORD was phenomenal.  it had actual smears of roasted garlic cloves. 
garlic bread FOODWORD with goat cheese is out of this world as is the penne
meatballs FOODWORD are the perfect comfort food whenever you need it and the pasta
penne pisticci FOODWORD is scrumptious.  service is excellent.  not too spendy if you
ravioli FOODWORD with shrimp. first of all, let me say that the fig salad
ravioli FOODWORD with shrimp. honestly, how do you mess that up?
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce impress me every time, and the maltagliata is
meatballs FOODWORD on top) and my sister ordered the pancakes. the spaghetti is just
polenta FOODWORD with melted provolone cheese: it was to heavy and not memorable. 
meatballs FOODWORD were okay.
ravioli FOODWORD entree, one of my favorites, was burnt on the edges, almost blackened.
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD (perhaps a little salty for those who don't like prosciutto, but i
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD dishes were supremely simple--i doubt they had more than 5 ingredients each.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD isn't great--when i had it, the broccoli rabe was too bitter (even
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was
broccoli rabe FOODWORD standards) and the broth was too salty. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al dente was much
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness
polenta FOODWORD with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness
garlic bread FOODWORD with goat cheese. it's slightly burnt crisp around the edges and soft
artichoke FOODWORD was steamed to beyond its prime, giving it a mushy texture. the
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was my favorite part of the dish - it was fresh and
garlic bread FOODWORD with the goat cheese, just no make out session after that ok?
ravioli FOODWORD which was delicious. desert was great too.
polenta FOODWORD with meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time
meatballs FOODWORD and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went
meatballs FOODWORD come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant
ravioli FOODWORD in a light lemon cream sauce. wow. it was so indulgent and
ravioli FOODWORD is an important one), but their specials are also always fantastic. 
mussels FOODWORD (in marinara).  our service has always been great, which is a
broccoli rabe FOODWORD - not impressed with it, kind of blend, the broccoli was good.
salmon FOODWORD with creamy polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for
polenta FOODWORD on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and
polenta FOODWORD for a while and this hit the spot, with a creamy porridge
penne pisticci FOODWORD and immediately tried to replicate it at home because it was so
artichoke FOODWORD to start with. the penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al
penne pisticci FOODWORD is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy too!) i
meatballs FOODWORD to the spaghetti would have been $4. that's a little ridiculous to
minestrone FOODWORD soup and the orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender,
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender,
minestrone FOODWORD soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and
penne pisticci FOODWORD was excellent, as was the entire dish; just the right portion for
vegetable ceci FOODWORD was spectacular (even microwaved--a travesty, i know), and i used the remains
insalata pisticci FOODWORD  (tall bed of baby spinach, with pancetta and crisp roasted potatoes)
mussels FOODWORD are very good).  the fig salad and house made iced tea
salmon FOODWORD which was good, but i totally wanted to try the pasta or
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta. need to find a reason to go back...
michael's pasta FOODWORD for dinner. all were delicious with large portions (enough for two dinners!).
garlic bread FOODWORD is to die for. this is all you should come here for.
meatballs FOODWORD (which are moist and gigantic), to fresh daily specials, they really have
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer (the dipping sauce was way too sweet), but my friend enjoyed
meatballs FOODWORD were devoid of the taste of garlic, oregano, parsley, pepper. these are
meatballs FOODWORD tasted as if the meat was just salted egged and made into
michael's pasta FOODWORD (as did i) and the other person had a ravioli special. we
ravioli FOODWORD special. we also ordered a salad.
maltagliati with ricotta FOODWORD  and spinach is always a success ( addicted to this dish).
garlic bread FOODWORD was okay, we were a group and got the goat cheese one
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer, we were both thrilled with our entrees: i had a tortellini
penne pisticci FOODWORD (but substituted a vodka sauce, which they were really awesome about; seeming
garlic bread FOODWORD is heaven. seriously. i have never had anything so delicious. the roasted
penne pisticci FOODWORD (in a yellow and red vine tomato sauce with chunks of melted
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli, which was a special...and it was divine.  
garlic bread FOODWORD and was dissapointed, stay away from it. the bread was over toasted
garlic bread FOODWORD w/ goat cheese twice! everyone was more than pleased with their meals
ravioli FOODWORD special. the figs were scrumptious and though i could've done without the
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce was divine, it was good to dip the
garlic bread FOODWORD were so good.
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli. house wine was lovely...were you the people next to us who
polenta FOODWORD and meatballs, which were great. others in the group had michael's pasta
michael's pasta FOODWORD and a lamb special. the pasta dish was good, the lamb was
grilled eggplant FOODWORD and grilled portobello are my favorites.  love their polenta!  it's
rosemary potatoes FOODWORD are great.  all pasta dishes i've tried were consistently good. 
salmon FOODWORD is always great and so is tilapia.  sometimes wait is long,
portobello mushroom FOODWORD over spinach to start and the grilled skirt steak as an entree.
skirt steak FOODWORD as an entree.  both were quite satisfying but i'd say the
penne pisticci FOODWORD like no other.  it became a ritual to have dinner there
ravioli FOODWORD with spinach.  it's the perfect neighborhood italian place. my only complaint
ravioli FOODWORD was also scrumptious!
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce for appetizers (then soaked up with their delicious
garlic bread FOODWORD was nothing like the garlic bread i've had anywhere else.  it
garlic bread FOODWORD i've had anywhere else.  it was chewy and crusty and completely
penne pisticci FOODWORD for dinner, which was made with a red and yellow heirloom tomato
meatballs FOODWORD are! who would've thought that a basic italian dish like that could
portobello mushroom FOODWORD with spinach...delish!  for my main course, i had the whole wheat
whole wheat penne FOODWORD with olives and ricotta, my husband had the salmon and our friend
salmon FOODWORD and our friend went with fettucine ai funghi - all three of
fettucine ai funghi FOODWORD - all three of us were more than pleased with our dishes.
garlic bread FOODWORD was a little soggy, the broccoli rabe was a little salty, and
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon was more rare
salmon FOODWORD was more rare and less medium that i would have liked. i
garlic bread FOODWORD was indeed what all the other yelpers said. yummy. this place is
mussels FOODWORD that were on the menu because i am a big mussel fan.
garlic bread FOODWORD but also more interesting things to stretch to.
penne pisticci FOODWORD was better but dull as well. i can only speak to the
meatballs FOODWORD to go.  i got home 15 minutes later to find i
ravioli FOODWORD is great).
mussels FOODWORD in tomato basil sauce, followed by a dessert of chocolate mousse and
mussels FOODWORD are fresh, the sauce is slightly salty and sweet (of which i
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD pasta with their homemade fettuccine.  if you only have pasta's here,
polenta FOODWORD as a side to share.  amazing.
ravioli FOODWORD was my favorite. portion size is just right.
mussels FOODWORD & sausage antipasto, and the penne with a light marinara & mozzarella
garlic bread FOODWORD was a little lacking; i could have made it better.  however,
salmon FOODWORD ceviche and ravioli.
salmon FOODWORD ceviche - for appetizers and they do give you a hearty serving
ravioli FOODWORD was quite good as well, but ended up tasting bland and boring
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD and the penne pisttici.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and the penne pisttici.
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce which was ng.
polenta FOODWORD side dish - it's nice and creamy with provolone cheese.  things
