polipo FOODWORD - grilled octopus served with marinated onions and potatoes. it's a simple
gnocchi FOODWORD (very light and fluffy-excellent)
caprese FOODWORD salad was two slices of tomatoes with one mozzarella slice and a
calamari FOODWORD appetizer is delish as well and much more substantial. 
agnolotti FOODWORD - incredible, the braised beef and cheese mix melted in your mouth,
zuppa di mare FOODWORD (seafood in tomato saffron broth), one had scallops with endive and risotto,
pappardelle FOODWORD with duck & mushroom ragu... so friggin good!
caprese FOODWORD salad was indeed wonderful.  however, i had the duck served over
calamari FOODWORD & shrimp -- very fishy smell when it first arrived. i think
calamari FOODWORD & shrimp were both grilled, and drizzled with a balsamic sauce &
affettati e formaggi FOODWORD (sliced meats and cheeses) - i've never had italian bacon before and
ossobuco FOODWORD (veal). both were delicious and highly recommended. my boyfriend said that it
caprese FOODWORD salad and the cured meat and cheese board, both of which were
funghi FOODWORD salad; i tasted it and it was amazing!  (i'll definitely take
penne FOODWORD alla carbonara.  i am a carbonara fan and make it often
calamari FOODWORD or the affettati e formaggi. 
mezzalune FOODWORD are like little pillows heaven. the duck and the suckling pig are
calamari FOODWORD and the risotto) were a bit too salty. 
prosciutto FOODWORD was, of course, fantastic, but i was also pleased with the incredibly
agnolotti FOODWORD (a type of ravioli) was an incredibly rich and savory dish. the
cozze FOODWORD e vongole: steamed mussels and clams in a garlic white wine and
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD was heavenly. the anatra (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much
anatra FOODWORD (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck dish at
caprese FOODWORD salad (two slices of tomato, but only one piece of cheese? why?)
bietole FOODWORD /caprino which is red beets and goat's cheese, arugula, crispy prosciutto, beet
agnello FOODWORD (roasted elysian fields lamb, tomato, sweet onion and eggplant stew) which he
spaghetti casalinga FOODWORD  (homemade spaghetti and veal meatballs, crushed tomatoes, garlic, basil).  the
calamari FOODWORD is tasty, with an interesting sauce - kind of thick, creamy, and
pesce FOODWORD del giorno.  mom had the risotto and calamari--nice and creamy and
calamari FOODWORD was cooked to perfection.  my father got the appetizer portion of
caprese FOODWORD salad for appetizer. also highly recommend the suckling pig, sauce less lasagna
calamari FOODWORD appetizer was tiny, and not very flavorful, but the caprese salad i
caprese FOODWORD salad i had was yummy and classic.  for dessert we ordered
caprese FOODWORD salad.  three slices of ruby red heirloom tomatoes, one nice-sized piece
zuppa di mare FOODWORD was so good, i dreamed of a pool filled with it and
bruschetta FOODWORD was very good, and so was the cheese cake recommended by our
agnolotti FOODWORD - butter fried sage leaves.  these unbelievably tasty morsels were quietly
gnocchi FOODWORD is some of the best i have had
agnolotti FOODWORD and an entree of the penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional.
penne FOODWORD alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my
calamari FOODWORD appetizer plate is big enough for two to share. it's surprisingly small
linguine FOODWORD and lobster and shrimp was excellent as was the veal scallopine, thin
prosciutto FOODWORD to garnish.  i found it overly vinegary with little to balance
insalata verde FOODWORD is a bright tasting green salad full of green olives, fresh herbs
gnocchi FOODWORD malfatti is nothing short of spectacular. petite impossibly light dumplings covered in
calamari FOODWORD and good mussels (out of shell) were mixed in with the rice.
bistecca alla pizzaiola FOODWORD and were overwhelmed. the fried potatoes and the steak rivaled each other
cesare FOODWORD barbera with the meal - good and relatively reasonable price-wise. 
caprese FOODWORD as a shared app, which was sparing with the very tasty mozzarella.
bruschetta FOODWORD which sounded great but tuns out the tomatoes are smoked -yck to
farfalle FOODWORD with lamb with other stuff thrown in.. the homemade farfalle was incredible!
farfalle FOODWORD was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre at best
bruschetta FOODWORD with burrata cheese and port apple puree - it was good but
bruschetta FOODWORD is supposed to be.  i also tried the sicilian fried shrimp
gnocchi FOODWORD with parmigiano cream
gnocchi FOODWORD was also very soft and delicate and each bite was creamy and
pappardelle FOODWORD with duck and mushrooms.  the ossobucco is also outstanding.
calamari FOODWORD with sundried tomato and caper aioli. i can't explain why, but this
pappardelle FOODWORD with rotisserie duck and mushroom ragu. i've never had this dish before.
calamari FOODWORD for appetizer. the sauce that comes with the calamari which are very
calamari FOODWORD which are very sparsely seasoned was magnificent, finger-licking good. we devoured that.
quattro formaggi FOODWORD as the shells were undercooked and the cheese tasted like it had
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD which is a seafood pasta. i was much more pleased with this
lasagna matta FOODWORD which i tasted and it was scrumptious.
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD which is shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari in a creamy risotto dish. 
calamari FOODWORD in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree portion was a lot
calamari FOODWORD with a great aioli sauce and bruschetta.  the calamari was very
calamari FOODWORD was very lightly breaded and fried (not weighed down) and there were
bruschetta FOODWORD wasn't quite what i was expecting - it was larger pieces of
calamari FOODWORD crispy, gamberoni braised large prawns,  the salsiccia with the red peppers
salsiccia FOODWORD with the red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and
prosciutto FOODWORD di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the
prosciutto FOODWORD to the dish. can't wait to go back! the service, food and
spaghetti casalinga FOODWORD without the veal meatballs.  so essentially, i ordered spaghetti with crushed
linguine FOODWORD to eat as well. excellent tasting, even though i proceeded to make
agnolotti FOODWORD which were very good and i also had a delmonico steak with
