pepperoni pizza!  they have an ice cream desert which is excellent also,
saltimbocca and small lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were
lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth two lunches
saltimbocca wasn't anything special - chicken breasts topped w/proscuitto (but not necessarily adding
lasagna or the saltimbocca. i'm not sure which one and my stomach can
fettuccine alfredo was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was
bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
penne san remo is outstanding! my only complaint would be the cost of the garlic
baked ziti i pulled a huge clump of hair out of the back of
baked rigatoni and fettuccine supremo. 
tiramisu is kind of too alcohol tasting for my taste. it's a chain-you
spicy chicken rigatoni was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control though
chicken marsala and apple gorgonzola salad. but the pastas and pizzas are also pretty
bruschetta is also good.
penne basilica claims to have chicken a brocoli in it, it barely had any
bruschetta was  brutal the eggplant was tits.the portions are large.limoncello  all
spaghetti with meatballs is impressive, they sure don't skimp on the meat. the desserts are
pepperoni pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really good veggie
veggie based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
apple gorgonzola salad and the cheese pizza.  service is good, as long as you're
cheesecake about half the size of my head!  so much for not
pepperoni pizza, lasagna, bottle of chianti. gather favorite family & friends to share
apple gorgonzola salad and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess
chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our
linguine frutti di mare (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with a spicy red clam
tiramisu is pretty bomb.  when i offered to buy my best friend
tiramisu from here instead xd.  
tiramisu was over powered with rum. 
veggie pizza and a salad. it was a little better this time, but
garlic bread at an italian place is a bit ridiculous to me. the cheese
spaghetti with meat sauce ( it has small  chunks of meat in the sauce) with
margherita pizza.  more than enough food for the the three of us.
chopped antipasto salad was the best thing of the night.  note you have to
garlic bread though, at $9.00/basket. 
garlic bread is a loaf and a half!!  lol
penne arrabbiata zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and
baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something.
lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella
lasagna was a bit too dry for my taste, but their salads are
apple gorgonzola salad is tasty as well. most of their pasta dishes are decent...not great,
prosciutto stuffed chicken as well. i've had the frutti di mare and the marsala a
tiramisu with an expressly coffee.
caesar salad and bread, and tiramisu. however, a bunch of my friends were treated
tiramisu and got one cup and never saw our waitress dina again. some
saltimbocca is chicken breast dish that has sage, prosciutto, artichoke, capers, in a
