risotto and my sister had a garden salad.  i win.
calamari was good as well.
orecchiette and gnocchi are also excellent pasta dishes.  
gnocchi are also excellent pasta dishes.  
calamari was some of the best i've had. once we were seated the
linguine del golfo which has a pesto sauce and shrimps, scallops, and mussels
linguine with shrimp and scallop was ehhhh.  for a summer dish, the
risotto con peperonata e caprino from their specials menu and was raving the
ravioli con caprino and holy lord was that delicious. rich, but very delicious. if you
gnocchi con pancetta affumicato e gamberi, au got the orecchiette rustica, and i
orecchiette rustica, and i had the spezzaino di cinghiale. a bunch of fancy
gnocchi was served with shrimp and applewood bacon in a tomato sauce with
orecchiette was served with sweet italian sausage, broccolini, and radicchio. it was decent.
risotto dish that was a special that week. then i asked myself, "when
pappardelle pasta." the description is delicious on paper, but honestly... i can do
margherita pizza appetizer and butternut squash soup.  the pizza dough was thick and
minestrone was really tasty. i did not expect to be greeted by a
risotto ball fried into disgusting-ness, my pasta was swimming in a bowl of
linguine dish with tomatoes, garlic, and mushrooms. everything about it was so fresh
calamari i have ever tasted. literally. i try calamari everywhere and this place
calamari everywhere and this place has it perfected!
gnocchi and his was delicious as well. overall, a great experience as always.
calamari was delicious. a nice place to go for an occasion.
calamari and the fileto di manzo.
ravioli con salsa di noci and my favorite meal is the penne con pollo e pumate.
penne con pollo e pumate.
pollo e pumate.
gnocchi with shrimp, apple wood bacon in a tomato sauce with a sprinkling
gnocchi very tasty. i couldn't help myself but to try the tuna again
risotto mixed with cheese (incredible).the only thing i can say about this dish
pappardelle special (rock shrimp, spinach, and a goat cheese and red pepper cream
calamari and the antipasti sampler. and the wine selection is not only impressive,
fettuccine with tomato, basil and wild mushrooms as an entre.
calamari appetizer was chewy, and my salmon was overcooked... the gnocchi and the
gnocchi and the sauce that came with the salmon were fine, but... not
gnocchi .  both fantastic.  best meal in ann arbor in 2
risotto for the lunch was a good portion and pretty good. i had
