casarecci alla arrabiata -  you can order the sauce to be veggie style- take
polenta and i'm sold.  the only reason i did not give this
arugula pizza. everything had fantastic, clean, bright flavors without being heavy and arduous.
arugula and 4 cheese.  i was a bit disappointed in the lack
risotto was very very good. it was creamy and rich, and all the
arugula salad was the best salad on the planet.  it was not.
arugula pizza.  (boy, they really are into arugula, here)  the crust
arugula salad ($7.50/$11.00) as my starter, the funghi risotto ($15) as my main
risotto ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate cake (price not listed).
arugula salad with pear, pancetta, gorgonzola, walnuts and truffle vinaigrette.  that was
arugula had a nice dressing on it, which was different. the $1 beer?
risotto (i've definitely had better) and the pesto tortellini.  my brother ordered
sagra pizza with egg and there was definitely not enough cheese, not to mention
arugula salad, pork belly, and a delicious spaghetti with meat sauce. 
arugula salad is pretty darn good and to be honest, by the time
arugula to be dressed in it for that extra moisture that the dish
arugula salad that was dry- i was left with dry shrimp on dry
rigatoni coda di bue: 
rigatoni was just overcooked and quickly turning to mush under the weight of
risotto - but my good fortune was bound to end somewhere - and
risotto was bland and tasted more like mush - something that oliver twist
sagra pizza was soggy and thin, the egg was overcooked, and it looks nothing
risotto which was very very bland- it lacked even basic seasoning. the bruschetta
risotto and $24 for a very bland salmon are definitely not worth it.
risotto i had was excellent, and i'm  picky about them, but the
cheeses and 9 meats...if you want a meat lovers pizza call pizza hut.
polenta is a little strong but still good.  things change from order
caprese panini for $9. i've had several caprese paninis in my life, and
caprese paninis in my life, and this one wasn't special. 
arugula salad.  it set me back $11, and for that you get
polenta bowl and it was tasty. i truffle oil was spot on, and
margherita pizza with added proscuitto de parma and handmade sausage, and my boyfriend had
arugula to break up the brown of the noodles and mushrooms. the garlic
garlic spinach was your basic spinach wilted in olive oil. it came out lacking
arugula and got spinach. so i got a $20 off to come back
risotto was very nice.  the pork scallopine was excellent, but the crispy
polenta that came on the side (polenta deep fried into sticks larger than
garlic spinach to share, which tasted like it was made from frozen spinach (or
cheeses two sheep one cow, my favorite was a sheep's milk called the
casarecci alla arrabiata with spicy sausage and an s shaped pasta. i thought the sausage
sagra pizza is great, the eggs sagra, etc...
risotto but it really didn't seem like anything special. 
funghi pizza had very tasty mushrooms; the thin crust is good. a side order
arugula salad was attractively prepared, an inviting interweave of greens. what appealed most
arugula salad (gorgonzola, pancetta, walnuts, pears, honey-truffle vinaigrette which was indistinguishable from any
margherita pizza for an appetizer and enjoyed it enough to order another.  it
arugula pizza.  the crust is perfectly thin and crispy and wood-fired tastin'
arugula and pear and walnut salad is not to be missed.  please
caprese panino with pesto that i ordered was delicious (caution: it was also
sagra pizza that i have now ordered twice at brunch. it's just so yummy
cheeses of which you can choose any number of), the owner came to
margherita pizza and the tuesday night all-you-can-eat mussels for $12 special. the pizza was
funghi pizza and the mussels special. we were both pretty hungry and looking forward
risotto are standouts. i tasted a number of the brunch entrees and they
polenta i liked so i'm not really sure what it was i didn't
casarecci alla arrabiata (s-shaped pasta with homemade sausage, salami, olive tapenade, mozzarella, spicy tomato sauce.)
arugula salad is yummy, it has pears, gorgonzola and walnuts, nuff said. 
risotto melts in your mouth and has asparagus and sun dried tomatoes and
polenta and boy am i excited. their take on eggs benedict, the sagra
polenta was really good and is probably all i would get if i
risotto and the spaghetti) and asked if the spaghetti was any better. 
panna cotta was fine, though strangely dressed...we still haven't figured out of the runny
margherita pizza to split. we ordered the small salad sizes and they were pretty
