bruschette (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. let me just start off
bruschette and the caprese salad. the bread of the bruschette was sooooooo buttery
bruschette was sooooooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! i normally like a strong
bruschette was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor but still so tasty!
bruschette was typical and nothing too special. the caprese salad was also very
caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  then we
scallops and cauliflower, and i know everyone raves about the scallop, but the
scallops were just good, not extraordinary. on the other hand, the cauliflower was
bruschette with garlic-something.. i forget the name. i also loved the bacaro burger
bacaro burger (definitely go with the egg on top!) and this one belgian blonde
scallops were tasty, but the sauce was too powerful, and there were only
roasted garlic grilled pizza, and a bacaro burger. we also had the homemade bread
bacaro burger with the fried egg.  savor each forkful. it will be easy
margherita (not bad, just didn't compare to the burst of flavor that came
chicken breast with parmesan risotto cake, lemon caper sauce. i've ordered this dish in
chicken breast was overly cooked and dry. the parmesan risotto cake was greasy and
bacon and brie next time. 
panini was okay and actually the white pizza was pretty freaking good... so
white pizza was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a hit or miss... we
scallops and white pizza. both were amazing. the scallops were very flavorful. the
scallops were very flavorful. the white pizza was unbelievably good and it was
white pizza was unbelievably good and it was this plate that impressed me. the
scallops (amazing), bruschetta (the garlic/pesto was yummy), prosciutto, artichokes, and the eggplant pizza
bacaro burger experience is very visceral. it is at once emotional and sensual...and maybe
bacaro burger experience is kind of like that. you are hanging out at bacaro
polenta was pretty damn good too!
panini was rather tasty.
scallops the most. 
scallops and bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
polenta (one dish i probably recommend). 
roasted garlic bruchetta and carried the faint aroma with us for the next few
panini was a bit of letdown as well. good portion but small offerings
scallops had two scallops. i love the sauce they used. light, rich and
scallops were cooked to near perfection. but i hope what they served us
white pizza was a nice cheese-y pizza. the crust was a bit hard for
scallops would be my favorite.  the bacaro burger was good, provided on
bacaro burger was good, provided on a half bun, which was unfortunately burnt, as
scallops - 4 stars
petite fillet steak, bread, potatoes, wine, etc. but the first plate we got -
caprese salad which just melts in your mouth. gooey mozzarella with a hint of
bacaro burger without the fried egg and it was made perfectly. i always like
scallops on top of this corn salsa. i could have eaten 4 of
scallops plates! 
panini or the scallops. either of the desserts are worth trying - (1)
panini and (2) homemade cranberry bread pudding. extremely tasty but rich so you
scallops with corn chowder - wow one of our favorite dishes of the
scallops were seared perfectly with a nice crust but  were extremely tender
panini sandwich was just okay. it's pretty cool to come here for happy
panini - tasty
pig ears (eh, pass  - too salty)
bacaro burger next time!
panini with black forest ham and carmelized onions
scallops because it's no longer on the menu and apparently hasn't been for
bacaro burger (we forgot to ask for the egg topping, darn it!)
chicken breast over risotto cake
caprese salad featured low quality mozzarella and unripe cherry tomatoes, with a dab of
scallops were the best of the three, but decidedly unmemorable, lurking in a
bruschette - dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers & roasted garlic, balsamic, basil
scallops with carrot puree was amazing as was the beets and goat cheese
panini (gruyere, roast beef, onions), crostini (marscapone, gorgonzola, goat cheese), and bacaro burger
bacaro burger (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. still, it was hard to get
bacaro burger - has a freakin quail egg sunny side up yumm!, scallops -
scallops - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant flatbread - delish! (and
roasted garlic infused in olive oil - roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters -
roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring, and a yummy spongey
scallops were so good!! though you only get 2 big pieces in one
scallops and the burger. i sampled the beet salad and it was really
scallops were served in a sauce and potatoes and onions. they were perfectly
scallops and crostini were all a must-trys!
scallops with carrot puree- amazing. some of the best scallops i have had
scallops i have had in this city. perfectly tender with great carmelization from
scallops came out piping hot. my only gripe is that at $8/order, i
scallops instead of 2. we ended up ordering two of these throughout the
white pizza came out bubbling with perfect cheese, scallions, bacon, and a decadent bechamel
panini with gruyere cheese and carmalized onions was crazy good. was really surprised
scallops have been taken off the menu since april. sad times :(
bacaro burger with fried egg, clams, mac & cheese, hangar steak w asparagus, bacon
polenta topped with eggplant salad, and the nutella panini with both strawberries and
panini with both strawberries and banana. oh, and the sangria. 
polenta was split. i personally did not like it while my friend ate
panini at all. i was actually the one to urge the rest of
panini was just too dry and sadly, did not go well with the
polenta squares with roasted market eggplant: the roasted rainbow beets with chevre and
rainbow beets with chevre and tarragon: the gorgonzola, date, walnut, and orange honey-draped crostini;
scallops with melted winter leeks and spicy crostini; and the very sinfully delicious
nutella panino with strawberries. whew. if you think that sounds amazing, just wait until
roasted garlic bruschetta was a-ma-zing! i wanna learn how to make this beautiful dish!
bone marrow (balsamic reduction, sea salt with baguette slices) - i wanted to be
rainbow beets - with chevre, tarragon
bacaro burger - made with estancia grass-fed beef added fried egg $1
polenta entrees. i even stole a cheeky piece from carrie d while she
scallops with truffle oil, carrot puree. sounds kinda weird like baby food but
scallops with roasted corn. honestly anything with corn...you know it's good
bone marrow so i can't compare to anything but i thought it was good!
pig ears and the grilled chicken panini. the chipotle aioli goes well with the
panini was solid as well. sadly didn't have any of the wines when
mac and cheese ever made! it had perfectly cooked, tender, macaroni, was extra cheesy, topped
roasted garlic pizza and the bacon & brie pizza (minus the bacon) were perfectly
scallops and see that only a quarter of that delicate, small square bowl
scallops because i don't like seafood (but i can say that the corn/tomato
panini w/the mushrooms--crunchy, in a good way.
scallops with carrot puree is a must order!  it's delish!!!  we
bone marrow and of course, the scallops!  the only other thing i would
chicken breast was kinda tough and dry even though it was drenched with lemon
bone marrow would've been good if it wasn't so darn salty. too much sea
artichoke hearts and the garlic pizza was too garlicky.  they put whole cloves
artichoke hearts with parmesan and bread crumbs.  maybe half a cup of split
artichoke hearts with a little parmesan and bread crumbs which are roasted.  sure,
scallops and petit filet - there is no way that these had been
burrata di stefano with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and grilled sourdough.  the cheese
margherita pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella was so boring i left it
bone marrow (:
roasted garlic & dalia's bell peppers.  wow, both of these were awesome. 
polenta cakes), but i'm always for tryin things and making your own mistakes.
rainbow beets which is an assortment of different types of beets. this dish was
scallops which came in a puree sauce and white truffle oil. this dish
white pizza which came with bacon and scallions. 
chicken breast was great!  it was like a piccata, and it was topping
scallops were tender and sweet.  i could have had more of the
roasted garlic and balsamic, or a white bean concoction.  favorite.
artichoke hearts with parmesan (these poor guys came out last and compared to everything
white pizza was yummy also, but of course that's because there's bacon on it.
panini (gruyere, heirloom tomato and basil)
bruschette was....ok. bacon n brie pizza was yummy, we loved the cauliflower, but
panini was good, but we hated the dessert (cookie dough, choc ganache, walnts
bacaro burger was my personal fav. we had two orders of the hangar steak
mac and cheese is delicious as well as the poached shrimp and seared scallop. seriously
scallops w/ carrot puree and white truffle oil: 5/5
scallops are to die for as well as the artichoke and brussels sprouts!
artichoke hearts dishes stood out. the interior had a very industrialized feel to it.
scallops  (only two scallops; but amazing texture and flavor)
bacaro burger with fried egg  (an explosion of surprises- my favorite)
roasted garlic one definitely stood out more than the other. it was slightly sweet,
pig ears with chipotle aioli- i've had pig ears before but not fried. i
pig ears before but not fried. i was surprised by the tecture at first
bone marrow w/ balsamic reduction, sea salt, & baguette- hmmm, this was alright, it
bone marrow to begin with and i could only really taste the balsamic reduction
scallops with sauteed market corn, scallions & cherry tomatoes- this was very very
scallops tho, so that made me a bit sad. the scallop was fresh
scallops + corn.  also went well with the lamb sliders (delicious btw).
mac and cheese to pig ears! hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
polenta square all to myself.  they did inform us that all of
panini (so simple yet so good), or the gorgonzola, date, and walnut crostini...very
scallops to begin with. my least 
artichoke hearts were probably the best i ever had.
roasted garlic pizza - though delicious, perhaps not the right choice for that particular
polenta squares with eggplant, the beet salad with goat cheese, the fried artichokes
bacaro burger with friend egg!! 
scallops that came out were perfectly seared and i couldn't get enough of
bacaro burger was slightly run of the mill but i liked the way that
bacaro burger with the fried egg.. a++
polenta with eggplant, the artichokes, all the crostini, and the bread pudding for
chicken breast on the risotto parmesan cake in the caper sauce also recommended. 
scallops were cooked perfectly and sauteed in a light, tasty broth with sweet
white pizza and bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes
bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes you full quickly
bacaro burger w/egg = i just went to heaven.
bacaro burger i definitely order that with a fried egg on top. i think
polenta and the black forest ham and basil pesto panini. we also decided
brown butter cookie dough for dessert. here's how each dish went:
bone marrow and don't waste your money on bacaro la's rendition.
bacon and brie worked magically together. this was definitely up there with the bacaro burger.
panini is here to save the day.
bacaro burger ** this is an absolute must!!** it was so  
panini with gruyere cheese, pastrami and caramelized onions, and mac and cheese. everything
mac and cheese alone...i will go back for. 
panini with strawberries. she loved it.
bacaro burger with the fried egg. so, so good.
scallops 5 stars excellent- fresh and delicious
polenta squares with sauteed eggplant, garlic and olives and there were a few
scallops floating around the table....hungry yet?
bacaro burger is my favorite!!  love the eggs with beef cooked medium rare.
bacon and brie pizza that was zomg amazing, followed by the famous and equally delicious
scallops are heaven. the burgers is among my favorite burgers ever (with the
lamb stuffed eggplant is amazing. and honestly, the cauliflower is the best cauliflower i've ever
scallops with corn are on the menu try them, easily the best thing
scallops on top of parsnip puree. there was nothing overly exciting about this,
nutella panino with strawberry slices. i love nutella, i love bread, and i love
bacaro burger and paninis (though the paninis are somewhat salty). the only thing i
bruschette (very good)
mac and cheese parmesan, cheddar, point reyes blue, mozzarella, with white truffle panko (omg! i'm
roasted garlic pizza, pan seared scallop on a corn, cherry tomatoes, chive sauce, open
roasted garlic and another topped with fire roasted red peppers
bacaro burger with the additional fried egg: no brainer for coming to this place.
panini with tomatoes and basil pesto: delicious
margherita pizza, brie and bacon pizza, roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour
roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. for dessert, the bread pudding.
lamb burger was amazingly juicy and the parsley tahini sauce complemented it so nicely.
margherita pizza and it came burnt. :( i was also in a rush
roasted garlic pizza and actually preferred that one.  the crust is thin, crispy
scallops were perfectly cooked where it had a nice crisp on the outside
mac and cheese was incredible, and the open faced burger with a fried egg was
scallops take you to flavortown in that bold parsnip puree (my fav dish!)
scallops with the carrot puree and (i think?) pickled fennel...i'm unsure. but it
bacaro burger is also good, get it with the fried egg. 
white pizza and the margarita (where's the basil!). both kind of tasted the same,
panini and their burgers to come out. i though they went out to
nutella panino for dessert is lovely too. 
bacaro burger and pan-seared scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed
scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed blt was over-cooked
margherita pizza which is basically just cheese pizza.  there's no basil! 
bacaro burger w/fried egg: whoa. i think i made the mistake of having this
scallops lovingly nestled in a bed of sweet corn and cherry tomatoes. the
roasted garlic pizza: roasted garlic, i love you. as a korean i am unashamed
roasted garlic jewels. ... okay, so not a first date kind of dish, but
bacaro burger (i love the egg on top!! almost loco moco status!)
chicken breast (the lemony sauce is heaven)
panini (!!! must-try! nutella is the patron saint of college students... and it
bone marrow w/ baguette was devine and the chicken and burgers are drool-worthy. as
brown butter cookie dough for dessert.  i don't even like cookie dough... :)
mac and cheese and a pizza. the pizza was not as remarkable as the rest
bacaro burger with fried egg (over easy).  heaven!
bruschette with tuscan white bean - - big hunka bread with beans piled
bruschette with roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
bacaro burger - open-faced with a cute fried egg on top. yom
panini with bicycle honey wheat bread, nutella and banana: sweet sandwich grilled? yes.
panini for my bro, who devoured it in 10 seconds flat. crostini, two
panini for around $20 something dollars. yum!
scallops being overly salted, i'd recommend most of the cicheti that we tasted.
roasted garlic cloves on cichetti, need i say more!).  everything is written up
scallops are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? i'm practically letting you steal from
chicken breast was really really dry, the bed of risotto it came ontop of
polenta squares with eggplant
caprese salad was fresh, i really liked the pesto on the side. the polenta
polenta squares were alright - too much acid = killing my tastebuds. the
bacaro burger which looked really good! i am for sure trying that next time.
bruschette with tuscan white beans (damned good!), polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled
polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled
bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious sauce), and the roasted
bruschette and crostinis. i'd highly recommend the 1. roasted garlic, balsamic, & basil
polenta with eggplant, and it was surprisingly good.  it also paired nicely
scallops were done perfectly.  the grilled hangar steak was delicious.  i
panini for dessert (seemed like white bread with nutella spread with a small
panini (basil pesto, carmelized onions), and scallops.  i really wanted to save
panini was whatever, tasted generally ordinary.  the scallops were pretty good, for
scallops were pretty good, for some reason i really don't remember them at
bacaro burger is amazing (open faced and the perfect size). their bruschette and crostini
bruschette and crostini are great appetizer options.  
bacaro burger with a fried egg! must try. this place is so also decently
scallops and the bread pudding for dessert. an absolutely wonderful hidden gem in
mac and cheese should be called shells and cheese soup
scallops were okay, but gritty
polenta cake was so good! the bruschetta blew my mind, mac and cheese
mac and cheese was sooooo rich and yummy! the lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing
lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing i just didnt want it to end! 
bacaro burger with a fried egg on top, i'm still not quit sure what's
mac and cheese was really good, but i found the garlic pizza to be a
scallops i like are from hatfield's.  2 stars.
bacaro burger with fried egg:  i really like this burger.  4 stars.
scallops and the bacaro burger. wish the place was more roomy but you
bacon and brie pizza and the burger).  yes, i used too many parentheses in
white pizza was also tasty, yet a bit too salty. i know salty is
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic. i almost forgot to mention
scallops were quite large - they were ho-hum. the nutella panino was quite
nutella panino was quite a treat. i didn't think i would like or would
rainbow beets with chevre and taragon - nice starter.  the taragon really kicked
bacaro burger with fried egg - rich and flavorful.  make sure to get
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic - again very good flavors.
bacaro burger is a must, i get it every time. not only do you
mac and cheese yeeeeum. helloooo truffle oil! 
polenta was really good. i forget what was on top; i think it
polenta all that much either, but this was tasty and i liked it
bacaro burger and grilled gruyere paninis were my favorite dishes. i also enjoyed the
panini and the fillet mignon with foie gras as our main courses, and
panini had goat cheese which made it tangy and tasty.  the fillet
bacon and brie pizza- doesn't that just make your mouth water?! 
scallops came with 2 scallops, the grilled chicken was at most the size
panini are really, really good (the caramelised onion... wow) as are the pizzas.
bruschette - heirloom tomato and roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for
roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic one, but the tomato
bruschette into 4 little pieces - we had to order more!  
bacaro burger - really delicious!  except it wasn't served on a burger bun,
scallops - this dish was good, it came with a mixture of corn
white pizza was mouthwatering!  every bite you could feel the cheese and bacon
lamb stuffed eggplant (i was strongly against this as i am strongly against vegetables in
chicken breast and the hangar steak.  all of them were really good, but
white pizza (bacon, hi) was so good. i almost didn't want to share.
bacaro burger were my top 3 favorites. the food also came out fairly quickly
polenta with eggplant tapenade
bacaro burger (with egg), di staffano's burrata, house-cured olives and bacaro's homemade ice cream.
white pizza i got was very saltty! everyone loves the burger (with egg).
bacaro burger was overwhelming in appearance and flavor in a good way.
bacon and brie pizza (yum!) and each had our own panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil,
panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his, roast beef and cheddar)
"noa's" cauliflower - you've never had cauliflower like this before, so much flavor it's
bacaro burger - open-faced and decadent
burrata di stefano - simply amazing, a staple every time we go
bruschette - the tomato and the tuscan white bean..mmmm
bacaro burger or $7 for prosciutto di parma, which is just sweet butter on
scallops were unbelievable.  hangar steak also very good.
scallops had the best taste!!!! i can't believe that it was tucked back
bacaro burger with an egg ( +$1) , its really good  and their
scallops at first. the blossoms were not their strength but the scallops were
scallops were good. then i ordered the bruschetta with tuscan white beans another
scallops fan, but the corn relish sauce was to die for)
scallops and the open face burger. they also have great wine selections.
panini with caramelized onions perfectly accompanied the wine.  the best part was
bacaro burger (w/ the egg...amazingness), the scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/
scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the balsamic reduction), the bacon
bacon and brie pizza (do i need to explain why its so delish!?!?), the honey
caprese salad (which i loved! they ran out of basil pesto, but simple basil
bacon and brie pizza. those were probably the best things i had.
artichoke hearts & parm, grilled panino with caramelized onions, sliders, and beef cheeks with
bruschette (tomato and basil/dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers), bacaro burger, margherita and
margherita and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro
roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro burger.  you
scallops and a variety of flatbread pizzas. this is the perfect place for
margherita pizza, the chipotle cauliflower and the mac and cheese. my favorite was
polenta square, handcrafted salumi, the cheese, and crostini platters. i would suggest some
roasted garlic bruchette, scallops, and roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
bruschette with roasted garlic!
scallops and the artichoke hearts. 
margherita is a straight-up cheese pizza lacking the conspicuous fresh mozarella slabs, saucy
artichoke hearts bro, you know them girls love them artichokes, some new age vegetable
scallops are great, so is the beefstake but i believe their assortment of
margherita pizza.  i left more than full.  everything we ate was
caprese salad with pesto is yummy.  for dessert, their bread pudding wants you
panini which was perfect portion and delicious.  i rarely drink alcohol but
bacaro ice cream which was $5..it was good but not something i would crave to
chicken breast -- way too sour and the jalapeno & lemon sauce just didn't
bruschette - roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto. yum~
"noa's" cauliflower - with chipotle aioli and mixed greens
bacaro burger - this will fill you up. remember to add fried egg on
scallops - another must try!
nutella panino are good~
scallops when they come with carrot and fennel)
bruschette w/ pesto
margherita pizza, caprese salad, bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we
bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we really enjoyed everything we had,
pig ears (delectable and so savory), the bone marrow ( so good), the sangria
bone marrow ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing),  the lamb burger (
lamb burger ( i ordered it medium well and it was perfectly cooked and
bacaro burger with the fried egg - amazing and the friend egg was cooked
bone marrow and the garlic pizza - crispy garlicky and savory, and they also
bacaro burger each.
bacaro burger was ordered because it's one of the top dishes people rave about.
chicken breast and the grilled petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto
petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto cake that comes with the
roasted garlic pizza made on super thin crust that was very warm, moist, yet
roasted garlic cloves and i wished we had ordered maybe two of these. tasty
bacaro burger with egg).  their "beefsteak sunday" events (first sunday of each month
panini with cheddar and mushrooms
bacaro burger - served open face with caramelized onions, slices of cherry tomatoes and
artichoke hearts - tender and flavorful with golden brown parmiggiano reggiano on top.
panini (roast beef, mushroom & gruyere) - a bit on the salty side,
scallops - came in a butter sauce instead of white truffle oil. 
bacaro burger - we ordered 2 and one came out really delicious with the
panini - really yummy and filling! definitely get this to ensure you are
brown butter cookie dough and it was the weirdest dessert ever. the walnuts and whipped cream
scallops when i'm there next!
roasted garlic pizza, and crostini!!) and i walked away super satisfied! fyi: for dessert,
panini (the boyfriend's favorite)
roasted garlic w/ pesto which had a god awful amount of garlic) 
roasted garlic bruschetta, the barrata, the burger was to die for! the cauliflower was
chicken breast with risotto cake and the open faced burger. omg, that burger! order
scallops were amazing, and the panini was really tasty.   it's pretty
panini was really tasty.   it's pretty small, but really cozy and
mac and cheese + all the desserts.  and of course, all the booze.
roasted garlic pizza has been my favorite eat so far!  huge cloves of
scallops were cooked perfectly and served in a (very hot) dish with a
lamb burger was exceptional.  such a wonderful variety of flavors.  the macaroni
bacaro burger (with fried egg of course!) was great.  we could have shared
roasted garlic and sea salt mixed in.  really good.
panini is wonderful. i wasn't blown away by the burger like a few
scallops are delicious! our server suggested a white wine that perfectly complemented the
bacon and brie grilled pizza and it was beyond delish! perfect mix of everything i
margherita grilled pizza.  the poached shrimp sits in a citrus chili sauce
margherita is your traditional pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella.  the crust
scallops with garlic parnship puree crispy capers & white truffle oil was excellent
bacaro burger made with estancia grass-fed beef & fried egg was also excellent! but
bacaro burger ... soo good. its always cooked exactly how i wanted it. the
bacaro burger and cauliflower dish i had.  and, the monday night prices -
mac and cheese to more adventurous, "trendy" dishes such as roasted bone marrow and fried
bone marrow and fried pig ears. all of the food was great and the
margherita pizza looked and tasted like a regular old cheese pizza. maybe i'm
margherita pizzas to have dollops of fresh mozzarella and some basil on top.
bacaro burger with fried egg and the scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had
scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had very unique sauces which i thought
white pizza was way too salty.
scallops (a little too undercooked for my liking but i still gobbled it
panini with gruyere and tomatoes, and pesto basil (so so so good), 4
polenta eggplant.. amazing.
nutella panino are solid food choices.  despite not being capable of drinking, i
scallops or a four-slice pizza topped with bacon bits and brie.  it's
roasted garlic pieces.  it was amazing if not a little haphazard trying to
bacaro burger with fried egg, roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro
roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro mac and cheese with bacon.
mac and cheese with bacon.
roasted garlic grilled pizza was the clear winner here. there was a good spice
bacaro burger with fried egg was second best. this open faced burger got most
bone marrow and the mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the
mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the bone marrow was served with
bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread which to me did
mac and cheese was not as flavorful as it could have been either even with
panini was awesome too. the bruschettas were ok and i was expecting more
pig ears and the bone marrow. we also ordered the bacaro burger with egg,
bacaro burger with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but overall the food was
chicken breast when we ordered the chicken panini - and the server looked at
panini - and the server looked at us like we were lying or
scallops were a bit small for the bear's appetite, but all in all,
bacaro burger and lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear
lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear washed it all down
bacaro burger because i chose to go with the lamb burger instead.
lamb burger instead.
lamb burger was delicious and was juicy and flavorful and no "lamb" taste, at
bone marrow was extremely light and sure hit the spot. the pork belly skewers
