calamari - fabulous
calamari was not good. skip it. i ordered the paella. that was also
paella isn't a dish that chefs should alter but it was and the
crab cake entree that cost $30.  needless to say, over priced tasteless food
calamari and bruschetta for appetizers.  i then had the salmon and we
salmon and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
octopus appetizer was great and i don't even like octopus in general. i
octopus in general. i had the paella one night and a filet special
paella one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is
paella of course. the bread itself and olive oil is nothing to write
risotto had tiny canned shrimp, was not tasty and came with clams in
salmon special was not nearly worth the price, but it was presented well.
calamari $13, sangiovese $9, garlic fries and some other tappas. they have a
calamari hit just the right notes.  oricchiette, moroccan chicken and short ribs
paella - god awful - please don't touch it.
calamari appetizer... did not like the fish entrees... those who ordered pasta liked
paella were probably the things that would stick out to you when you
paella was about 24-28 per person and required two. i'm not sure how
paella compared to places such as the common grill.
paella which was great!! tons of large shrimp mussles and etc. it was
paella too!!) the rice was realllyyy good but if they wanted to make
greek chicken and potatoes was delicious.  the woman next to me ordered it
octopus salad was bitter, the salad had too many things in it, the
risotto is a bit unwarranted, don't you think?  it was good, but
octopus is yummy, and smells tantalizingly like a summer campfire, and the oysters
calamari was great, but the beet salad had large chunks of raw butternut
salmon entree, which was fantastic though not as good as at lahiere's or
salmon itself was cooked into consideration... not the sauces or garnish).  we
risotto and the skirt steak, cooked well. 
pork saltimbocca was so-so.
calamari was also pleasing in both taste and sight. i especially liked the
calamari from the nearby witherspoon grill more. the grilled peppers and balsamic caramelized
paella which was excellent. just the right size portion and perfectly seasoned and
greek salad made up of too much romaine, one cucumber, less than one tomato,
mezze sampler that was utterly forgetable - baba ganoush, red pepper & black bean
ricotta gnocchi was delicious - silky, light little pillows in a cherry tomato &
orecchiette dish was superb! with house made pork sausage, escarole, garlic roasted cherry
octopus dishes.  both are very flavorful and fresh.  the pumpkin ravioli
