mussels in tomato-basil broth. it was light, and the mussels were large, meaty,
mussels were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top it off, the texture was
mussels and the pasta with broccoli rabe. oh, and coconut cake for dessert.
artichoke appetizer. 
meatballs & polenta, i suppose both dishes were fine fillers but in my
artichoke was mushy and entirely too oily... the grilled eggplant was undercooked and
grilled eggplant was undercooked and the marinara was way too salty... the orecchiette broccoli
orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay...
broccoli rabe with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay...
mussels fra diavolo, and have never been the least bit dissapointed.  even
mussels appetizer. nice staff and atmosphere.  i am definitely going back. 
michael's pasta - homemade cavatelli with various squashes and cheese melted on top), but
insalata caprese (their website claims that the mozzarella di bufala is imported from naples
artichoke was served with a lemon sauce that was neither too sour or
broccoli rabe and sausage bits in what was described as a "seductive" broth. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that
broccoli rabe with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that
whole wheat penne and it was completely smothered with olives and olive juice.  i
salmon ceviche!
meatballs over polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor
polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from
michael's pasta a bowl of fresh cavatelli, baby squashes and fresh spinach tossed in
polenta with melted provolone cheese.
artichoke and maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't
maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the
artichoke was overcooked and the pasta dish was watery.  the second time,
salmon was dry as all hell, and the dish was overall pretty flavorless.
artichoke ravioli.  done.  we also ordered the roasted garlic bread and
meatballs are the perfect comfort food whenever you need it and the pasta
penne pisticci is scrumptious.  service is excellent.  not too spendy if you
ravioli with shrimp. first of all, let me say that the fig salad
ravioli with shrimp. honestly, how do you mess that up?
mussels in white wine sauce impress me every time, and the maltagliata is
meatballs on top) and my sister ordered the pancakes. the spaghetti is just
polenta with melted provolone cheese: it was to heavy and not memorable. 
meatballs were okay.
ravioli entree, one of my favorites, was burnt on the edges, almost blackened.
prosciutto e spinaci (perhaps a little salty for those who don't like prosciutto, but i
prosciutto e spinaci dishes were supremely simple--i doubt they had more than 5 ingredients each.
broccoli rabe isn't great--when i had it, the broccoli rabe was too bitter (even
broccoli rabe was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was
broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was too salty. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is
broccoli rabe with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is
prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al dente was much
meatballs over polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness
polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness
artichoke was steamed to beyond its prime, giving it a mushy texture. the
broccoli rabe was my favorite part of the dish - it was fresh and
ravioli which was delicious. desert was great too.
polenta with meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time
meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went
meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant
ravioli in a light lemon cream sauce. wow. it was so indulgent and
ravioli is an important one), but their specials are also always fantastic. 
mussels (in marinara).  our service has always been great, which is a
broccoli rabe - not impressed with it, kind of blend, the broccoli was good.
salmon with creamy polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for
polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and
polenta for a while and this hit the spot, with a creamy porridge
penne pisticci and immediately tried to replicate it at home because it was so
artichoke to start with. the penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al
penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy too!) i
meatballs to the spaghetti would have been $4. that's a little ridiculous to
minestrone soup and the orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was
orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender,
broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender,
minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and
penne pisticci was excellent, as was the entire dish; just the right portion for
vegetable ceci was spectacular (even microwaved--a travesty, i know), and i used the remains
insalata pisticci  (tall bed of baby spinach, with pancetta and crisp roasted potatoes)
mussels are very good).  the fig salad and house made iced tea
salmon which was good, but i totally wanted to try the pasta or
meatballs over polenta. need to find a reason to go back...
michael's pasta for dinner. all were delicious with large portions (enough for two dinners!).
meatballs (which are moist and gigantic), to fresh daily specials, they really have
artichoke appetizer (the dipping sauce was way too sweet), but my friend enjoyed
meatballs were devoid of the taste of garlic, oregano, parsley, pepper. these are
meatballs tasted as if the meat was just salted egged and made into
michael's pasta (as did i) and the other person had a ravioli special. we
ravioli special. we also ordered a salad.
maltagliati with ricotta  and spinach is always a success ( addicted to this dish).
artichoke appetizer, we were both thrilled with our entrees: i had a tortellini
penne pisticci (but substituted a vodka sauce, which they were really awesome about; seeming
penne pisticci (in a yellow and red vine tomato sauce with chunks of melted
artichoke ravioli, which was a special...and it was divine.  
ravioli special. the figs were scrumptious and though i could've done without the
mussels in white wine sauce was divine, it was good to dip the
artichoke ravioli. house wine was lovely...were you the people next to us who
polenta and meatballs, which were great. others in the group had michael's pasta
michael's pasta and a lamb special. the pasta dish was good, the lamb was
grilled eggplant and grilled portobello are my favorites.  love their polenta!  it's
rosemary potatoes are great.  all pasta dishes i've tried were consistently good. 
salmon is always great and so is tilapia.  sometimes wait is long,
portobello mushroom over spinach to start and the grilled skirt steak as an entree.
skirt steak as an entree.  both were quite satisfying but i'd say the
penne pisticci like no other.  it became a ritual to have dinner there
ravioli with spinach.  it's the perfect neighborhood italian place. my only complaint
ravioli was also scrumptious!
mussels in white wine sauce for appetizers (then soaked up with their delicious
penne pisticci for dinner, which was made with a red and yellow heirloom tomato
meatballs are! who would've thought that a basic italian dish like that could
portobello mushroom with spinach...delish!  for my main course, i had the whole wheat
whole wheat penne with olives and ricotta, my husband had the salmon and our friend
salmon and our friend went with fettucine ai funghi - all three of
fettucine ai funghi - all three of us were more than pleased with our dishes.
broccoli rabe was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon was more rare
salmon was more rare and less medium that i would have liked. i
mussels that were on the menu because i am a big mussel fan.
penne pisticci was better but dull as well. i can only speak to the
meatballs to go.  i got home 15 minutes later to find i
ravioli is great).
mussels in tomato basil sauce, followed by a dessert of chocolate mousse and
mussels are fresh, the sauce is slightly salty and sweet (of which i
prosciutto e spinaci pasta with their homemade fettuccine.  if you only have pasta's here,
polenta as a side to share.  amazing.
ravioli was my favorite. portion size is just right.
mussels & sausage antipasto, and the penne with a light marinara & mozzarella
salmon ceviche and ravioli.
salmon ceviche - for appetizers and they do give you a hearty serving
ravioli was quite good as well, but ended up tasting bland and boring
orecchiette broccoli rabe and the penne pisttici.
broccoli rabe and the penne pisttici.
mussels in white wine sauce which was ng.
polenta side dish - it's nice and creamy with provolone cheese.  things
