penne vodka dish. the atmosphere is great, also usc students and cops. great service!
penne vodka with chicken.
linguini artichini and the farfalle pesto. the sauce for both pastas are pretty good.
penne vodka and add broccoli! they have quick service and the food is always
chinese chicken salad is very good. 
meat lasagna with a nice cold cup of beer. mmmmm. they also serve warm
turkey sandwich since i knew i had some meetings in the afternoon and i
turkey sandwich was perfect with nicely toasted wheat bread, thick slices of turkey, cheese,
penne vodka is close to other places, but still on the creamier side. they
linguini artichini and farfalle pesto for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it smelled awesome,
farfalle pesto for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it smelled awesome, but.... the smell
chicken cannelloni i had here was unedible. both my mom and i thought the
chicken parmigiana sandwich and it was delicious. it was especially delicious considering it and a
chopped salad ($10 min for delivery). the meat sauce had way too much sodium,
chopped salad - do not like the turkey in it. planning on saving it
farfalle pesto ($8.75) 
farfalle pesto as well as the risotto de mari.
angel hair sebastian and the linguini artichini.  both of these are delicious and taste
greek salad and the mushroom side dish / appetizer, they're both super yummy and
farfalle pesto and homemade chicken canneloni.  the staff is always pleasant, and they
caesar salad is my husband favorite. the chicken was really flavorful and juicy. the
steak sandwich or greek salad. those are my favs there.
salad pizza (small) was $7 and very filling. the dough was nice and fluffy
farfalle pesto because it's not too saucy and i like the texture of pesto.
salad pizza the last few times i have been here come so i think
caesar salad had an overwhelming fish smell to it (someone overdid it with the
penne vodka and the lunch specials are always a great deal. nothing fancy or
farfalle pesto was as good as ever and so was my friend's homemade ravioli.
eggplant parmigiana ,which is awesome and cheesy and fills you up like crazy. woo
eggplant ravioli parmigiana was satisfactory to the pallet, but the ravioli dough was chewy as
shrimp scampi and a few of their pizzas and its all pretty good. the
salad pizza is very good, prices are dirt cheap and student discount... 
calamari and capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic...
capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my whole mouth
calamari is amazing! although the calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would
calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried out. i
chinese chicken salad is amazing. i know, why would you go to an italian place
chicken marsala for lunch and it was packed with flavor. the price point is
chicken parmigiana and marsala.
combo pizza for delivery and it's convenient (parking = not good). they have a
vegetarian sandwich is chock full of grilled veggies and avocado. super good. the service
linguini seafood it comes with shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari. the eggplant ravioli parmigiana
eggplant ravioli parmigiana is also great. if you have 15 dollars to spear this is
penne vodka with chicken is def better than that other place close by i won't mention...haha.
farfalle pesto is their classic as anyone who went to usc will tell you.
penne puttanesca is a close second if you're not in the mood for pesto,
angel hair sebastian pasta. the total came out to $15 or so. i guess it's
cobb salad would have been okay but the dressing was of very low quality
angel hair sebastian and or whatever was bland so flavor from the mushrooms. pick something
linguini artichini 
chicken parmigiana sandwich
chinese chicken salad (which is huge)
vegetarian pizza always has me coming back..one of the guys that works there is
eggplant ravioli parmigiana and a small caesar salad. 
caesar salad ($5.95). it was one of the daily specials. funny thing is, every
linguini artichini or the penne vodka.  but just about anything is pretty good
