turkey FOODWORD with guacamole and the caprese! 
chicken parmesan FOODWORD and i tried some of their penne as well. everything was really tasty and if you just want to take
penne FOODWORD as well. everything was really tasty and if you just want to take out some simple italian food, this is
gnocchi FOODWORD with bolognes sauce.   i found  it a bit dry as if it was sitting the pot too
gnocchi FOODWORD wasn't as firm as i usually like it.  . for $15 i found the lunchtime meal a bit expensive.
ravioli FOODWORD was delicious as well.
tuna FOODWORD sandwich, and i loved it! usually when places make tuna it's either too watery or way too much added ingredients.
tuna FOODWORD it's either too watery or way too much added ingredients. the tuna was just right.  the bread, oh the
tuna FOODWORD was just right.  the bread, oh the bread was soft and flavorable, probably the best part of the sandwich.
turkey FOODWORD sandwich and she gave it a good review too.  the size of the sandwich amazed me. i ordred a
tuna FOODWORD and bread but no, you get a six inch sandwich...maybe a little bit longer. i can't imagine how big their
ravioli FOODWORD w/ garlic, marinara sauce. om nom nom so delicious!!!! must get! boyfriend got spaghetti marinara w/ italian sausage. it was
spaghetti marinara FOODWORD w/ italian sausage. it was yumss. the portions were perfect. it was very filling, even for my fatty of a
pizza FOODWORD was soooo much better than anything we have had in los angeles and the raviolis were delicious.  we will
caprese FOODWORD sandwich, chicken alfredo, ravioli, and chicken parmesan with penne.  i've also had some of their breakfast items.  take
chicken parmesan FOODWORD with penne.  i've also had some of their breakfast items.  take note though that archie's wife is there
ravioli FOODWORD is stuffed with spinach and ricotta, served in a pink sauce.  how can you not like that?  good
meatball FOODWORD sandwich is delicious along with the caprese salad, ravioli, and a host of other things. 
caprese FOODWORD salad, ravioli, and a host of other things. 
gnocchi FOODWORD with pink vodka sauce. this is a tiny hole in the wall place next urban outfitters in westwood, but really
gnocchi FOODWORD is worth a trip on its own. and it cheap! for $8 bucks i believe you get a healthy size
gnocchi FOODWORD everyday.
gnocchi FOODWORD and it took me a while to find a place that served it. and lo and behold, i stumbled upon
spaghetti meatball FOODWORD for $9.50. it was good, but it didn't exactly meet the high expectations i had for it... to be fair,
meatball FOODWORD for $9.50. it was good, but it didn't exactly meet the high expectations i had for it... to be fair,
soup FOODWORD and a mix of beef and cheese ravioli.   the soup was outstanding and was perfect for a cool
soup FOODWORD was outstanding and was perfect for a cool night.  the ravioli seemed to have been food service (possibly from
ravioli FOODWORD seemed to have been food service (possibly from costco as he had some kirkland items such as teas), and was
caesar salad FOODWORD we got.
ravioli FOODWORD and hamburger.  you wouldn't believe it, but their burgers are really good, definitely hand made and not the flat
ravioli FOODWORD was just okay, also you only get about 9 or 10 of them, not really enough for a meal unless
ravioli FOODWORD and some creamy spaghetti which we ordered on a whim from another yelpers review. the special came with a salad.
ravioli FOODWORD was actually not bad, but the spaghetti was missing something. it didn't have that flavor pop that is synonymous with
ravioli FOODWORD and a nice salad.  everything from the funny quirky staff (owners?) to the food was spot on. it's a
gnocchi FOODWORD and the special of the day, which was beef raviole.  the gnocchi was well prepared.  the marinara sauce
gnocchi FOODWORD was well prepared.  the marinara sauce on the raviole was flavorful; however, the filling was only so-so.
pizza FOODWORD and sandwiches.
penne FOODWORD pasta with pink sauce, and also there mushroom sub. we go weekly and always leave very satisfied!
mushroom FOODWORD sub. we go weekly and always leave very satisfied!
chopped salad FOODWORD with turkey... next time i'll try chicken. the dressing was superb, and the salad itself was very fresh
soup FOODWORD which was perfect and the minestrone. 
mushroom FOODWORD or whatever..  plus the bacon was super soggy and the fat hadn't been cooked out of it at all.
ravioli FOODWORD in pink sauce!  i'm sure their other offerings are good as well, but i have a weakness for ravioli
ravioli FOODWORD so that's the only thing i order.  good luck trying to find a seat!
rigatoni FOODWORD so its my bad.  i should have trusted my fellow yelpers and went with the suggested dishes.....so stand by
hamburger FOODWORD and fries, only $5.95! i was in a party of 3 and i was the last to get my food,
philly cheese steak FOODWORD some time too.
gnocchi FOODWORD with bolognese sauce. the bolognese had a really off beefy/irony/bloody taste, but the gnocchi was otherwise fantastic.
gnocchi FOODWORD was otherwise fantastic.
gnocchi FOODWORD di patate (with pink sauce), linguine alla genovese, and ravioli.
linguine FOODWORD alla genovese, and ravioli.
rigatoni FOODWORD in a red sauce with chunks of eggplant... how dreamy! i had sage-infused chicken ravioli in a pink sauce. and
ravioli FOODWORD in a pink sauce. and a pellegrino. 
meatball FOODWORD sandwich served with pride of ownership.  definitely a nice contrast to the multitude of anonymous chain fast-food eateries in
chicken marcella FOODWORD was perfected with the perfect sauce consisting of marcella wine, mushrooms and capers. the portions were large enough to have
chicken pesto FOODWORD sandwich.  i got a snapple and we shared our plates so we could both try what the other got.
chicken parmesan FOODWORD and spinach ravioli with pink sauce.  also, the carbonara is bomb!
ravioli FOODWORD with pink sauce.  also, the carbonara is bomb!
rigatoni FOODWORD pasta with eggplant, which was also exquisite. the owner also seemed to be in a much better mood this time
penne FOODWORD pasta, and a large hunk of salmon over a bed of spinach. yum! everything was delicious and i ended up
gnocchi FOODWORD with pink sauce, and the gnocchi were pillowy and perfectly stick-to-the-untouched-regions-of-your-mouth-yummy. we shared a coke to cut down the fat
gnocchi FOODWORD were pillowy and perfectly stick-to-the-untouched-regions-of-your-mouth-yummy. we shared a coke to cut down the fat of the pastas, and it was
gnocchi FOODWORD and my friend's carbonara.
ravioli FOODWORD (7 pieces), which was in a cream sauce that was somewhat bland and boring like if a mediocre alfredo and
ravioli FOODWORD in pink sauce--approximately 7 pieces of ravioli that came out to about $10. it was good, but probably about the
ravioli FOODWORD that came out to about $10. it was good, but probably about the same quality as what you might get
ravioli FOODWORD that, funnily enough, comes in at about the same price. except you get, you know, about 50 times more. (i'm
ravioli FOODWORD which he said was great.  i love the fact that it is a true mom & pop business, and
chopped salad FOODWORD (maybe tonight).  also, it is very small.  a group of 10 showed up and they just about took
pizza FOODWORD and dessert before getting full. for reference, i usually need a double double, animal fries, and large shake at in
pizza FOODWORD would have been perfect if it was cooked a few minutes longer but i'm not holing it against this place
penne FOODWORD marinara and that's enough. i wish that he had more dishes that are spicy though, but thank goodness for red
pizza FOODWORD joint when i was in high school and did everything my self for 4 hours from phones to cooking to
gnocchi FOODWORD and the second time i had the ravioli, both with the pink sauce (don't know what it's called, i totally
mushroom FOODWORD flavor.  the sauce was just the right mix of red and white.  the cesar salad was okay, it
pizza FOODWORD as well.  everything is really cheap (medium pizza ~ $9, sandwiches ~$5-6, pasta ~$8-9) so you won't have to
pizza FOODWORD ~ $9, sandwiches ~$5-6, pasta ~$8-9) so you won't have to worry about braeking the bank here.  parking is
spaghetti marinara FOODWORD w/chicken
gnocchi FOODWORD with pink sauce (the sauce was recommended by archie). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bjsvuk2sk7be7vqcvxlgkq?select=xi0e5u8cdpb7vnr4n10xtw
gnocchi FOODWORD that well because most places don't do it well.
gnocchi FOODWORD with pink sauce and the carbonara pasta, and both were delicious.  a lot of flavor and just enough of
ravioli FOODWORD sometime.
chicken parmesan FOODWORD is great!  the portions are huge on this dish! i cant finish it ever!  although my only drawback
chicken pesto FOODWORD sandwich, which is kind of small for the price you pay (in terms of the half size).  the half
chicken milanese FOODWORD and it was delicious.  the flattened, tender chicken was pretty large and the edges were warm and crispy. 
gnocchi FOODWORD and ravioli, and when i picked the former, he asked "with pink sauce?"  even though the menu says marinara
gnocchi FOODWORD were fantastic - tender and not doughy.  the tomato cream sauce was both flavorful and the perfect balance of
ravioli FOODWORD in pink sause, chicken tender specials on monday and tuesday is delicious and filling.
chicken pesto FOODWORD sandwich is also something i used to order regularly.  the daily specials are also fantastic and tend to be
turkey FOODWORD sandwich was alright.
ravioli FOODWORD since i read some good things but the sauce was too thick for my own liking. for the price i
linguine FOODWORD alla genovese and it was delicious. this place is worth going especially when the food is not overpriced like other
ravioli FOODWORD here and they are both really delicious. that pink sauce is amazing and i'm so partial to the carbonara i'm
gnocchi FOODWORD and the rigatoni, which came out quickly. you can tell the place has lots of regulars, and the owners/servers are
pizza FOODWORD than a chicken breast. they praised it highly.
ravioli FOODWORD served with marinara and a toasted roll.  olive oil and balsamic are available upon request and drinks are located
