calamari FOODWORD was delicious, as well as our pasta dishes. pair your dish with a glass of wine, and you've got the
margherita pizza FOODWORD for $11 and it had a nice & light tomato sauce, fresh basil leaves and mozzarella cheese - not greasy
prosciutto pizza FOODWORD is very good. their white pizza is missing something though, it was very bland.
insalata romana FOODWORD which comes with fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette. the salad was refreshing and a nice way
insalata romana FOODWORD (fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese with lemon vinaigrette) and margherita pizza. 
caprese FOODWORD and quattro pizza were average. the lasagna verdi was better than average but i think that they really just need
tiramisu FOODWORD cake with a candle for our birthday girl!
insalata romana FOODWORD (some fennel, arugula, pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette) was a fine salad, though definitely had too much acidity to
fettucine FOODWORD is home-made spinach fettucine.  
calamari FOODWORD - oh dear it was amazing, so fresh and so was the hot marinara sauce to go with it
calamari FOODWORD and pizza.  i forgot the pizza's name but it had sausage, cheese and tomatoes.  the food was pretty
polpette FOODWORD are fantastic! the sauce these succulent little meat balls are served in is like crack! the thin crust pizzas baked
calamari FOODWORD appetizer thinking it would be fried cal, was mildly disappointed that it wasn't. pizza was very tasty. thin crust, hot
bolognese FOODWORD wasn't bad. reasonable $10 corkage fee for our bottle of schramsberg bubbles. tiramisu was the perfect nightcap. great place to
tiramisu FOODWORD was the perfect nightcap. great place to take a date or relax for a weekend meal above columbia.
panna cotta FOODWORD had perfect texture ($6); and the crespelle[4] with nutella and banana were of a wonderful consistency and not too sweet
calamari FOODWORD in a spicy tomato and saffron broth ($17)
bolognese FOODWORD linguine. it was better than the spaghetti at pistucci, in my opinion.
gnocchi FOODWORD by far my favorite pasta. theirs is homemade which is great but their sauce on the other hand was way
affumicata pizza FOODWORD and the hot sausage added great flavors to it.
gnocchi FOODWORD and soups. seafood dishes are very well prepared. a very welcoming environment for kids who can gaze up at the
integrale FOODWORD and lasagne were all delicious! 
gnocchi FOODWORD and pasta. afterwards, we ordered the tiramisu. everything was delicious and tasted fresh. i was really happy w/ the event
prosciutto pizza FOODWORD and the quattro stagioni are both fantastic, and their pasta dishes are also really wonderful.  we've tried the fettuccine
gnocchi FOODWORD (with red sauce and mozzarella), and both were fresh and delicious.  the prices are the most reasonable we've found
tiramisu FOODWORD and each had a cappucino/latte with it. the bill was so reasonable that i left a huge tip to almost
calamari FOODWORD for starters. 
calamari FOODWORD came out quickly and looked very appetizing so we divvied up the plate but found a hair buried underneath some
bolognese FOODWORD and lasagna. the bolognese could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors had completely congealed. 
bolognese FOODWORD could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors had completely congealed. 
calamari FOODWORD and wine off of the bill. the pizza has gotten good reviews so maybe at some point i will check
