strawberry fresca FOODWORD has the perfect balance of cream and cake, not too sweet, and loads of strawberry.  we tried other cakes
mango mousse FOODWORD is one of my favorites. it's not too sweet, and it's really light. delicious!
tiramisu FOODWORD (my new favorite!). so delicious. everyone there is always friendly.
carrot cake FOODWORD is brilliantly done, steak fritte excellent--get it before the rumored change of menu!
carrot cake FOODWORD and steak fritte but not much else, given that i haven't tried much else. they seem to do absolutely awesome
fruit tart FOODWORD at the bakery is soooo good. they also have a scrumptious mango cake and cupcakes! great for on the go
fruit tart FOODWORD and a chicken pastry. my friends would later tell me that the fruit tart was enjoyable and particularly delicious because
fruit tart FOODWORD was enjoyable and particularly delicious because they line the bottom of the tart with chocolate (or nutella) and that the
tiramisu FOODWORD cake for a birthdayparty and it was to die for.  
tiramisu FOODWORD was way overpirced at about $35 so i decided to go for the $25 cakes and i ordered a strawberry
strawberry fresca FOODWORD and a mangoes and cream.  they looked so pretty i just wanted to bite into it.  but when
carrot cake FOODWORD so he got 2 cake balls that were pretty tasty with coffee this morning.  i got a vanilla macaron.
coq au vin FOODWORD was a huge stretch.  the coq au vin consisted of two pounded, breaded & pan fried chicken breasts served
coq au vin FOODWORD consisted of two pounded, breaded & pan fried chicken breasts served over a thin vegetable stew.  (i wonder if
tiramisu FOODWORD is always good. i also had the cappucino cake; i recall it being better before but this time it was
tiramisu FOODWORD and it was amazingly delicious!  the price is a little bit higher than other places i've been to but
tiramisu FOODWORD and something else that were really good.
cappuccino FOODWORD and vanilla trifle.  that was heavenly!  and a must try if you enjoy rich, creamy desserts.  finally,
marble melody FOODWORD and the peaches and cream.  i will be in cake heaven until boot camp starts on monday.
dolce limon FOODWORD cake . . . and she has very discerning taste!
carrot cake FOODWORD tasted more like a spice cake, but was better than the fruit. the lemon cheesecake and chocolate marquis were tied
coq au vin FOODWORD is my favorite!!!!
tiramisu FOODWORD tasted like today.  that thing was certainly not fresh, but the cream layer towards the bottom was delicious, so
tiramisu FOODWORD cake i became a regular customer. a couple weeks ago, we were told during a dinner service by our waiter
coq au vin FOODWORD looked pale and greasy.  it actually tasted ok... like chicken stew but, not coq au vin.  my dish
bruschetta FOODWORD rounds, auuu. then, for our meal we got the chicken contadina, the sauce was a ligh creamy tomato saucev over
fruit tart FOODWORD was awesome. and cream puff (which comes in vanilla or chocolate and made to order) was just as good. 
