calamari FOODWORD - fabulous
calamari FOODWORD was not good. skip it. i ordered the paella. that was also not up to my expectations. paella isn't a
paella FOODWORD isn't a dish that chefs should alter but it was and the result was sub-par from authentic paella.
crab cake FOODWORD entree that cost $30.  needless to say, over priced tasteless food for people with lackluster taste buds.
calamari FOODWORD and bruschetta for appetizers.  i then had the salmon and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
salmon FOODWORD and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
octopus FOODWORD appetizer was great and i don't even like octopus in general. i had the paella one night and a filet
octopus FOODWORD in general. i had the paella one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is tasty, the
paella FOODWORD one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is tasty, the bread plentiful, but the service i
paella FOODWORD of course. the bread itself and olive oil is nothing to write home about. there is a good variety, but
risotto FOODWORD had tiny canned shrimp, was not tasty and came with clams in the shell, not mentioned on the menu or
salmon FOODWORD special was not nearly worth the price, but it was presented well.  will wait a few more years for
calamari FOODWORD $13, sangiovese $9, garlic fries and some other tappas. they have a very nice selection of foods allowing you to
calamari FOODWORD hit just the right notes.  oricchiette, moroccan chicken and short ribs are satisfying.  put your trust in the
paella FOODWORD - god awful - please don't touch it.
calamari FOODWORD appetizer... did not like the fish entrees... those who ordered pasta liked it
paella FOODWORD were probably the things that would stick out to you when you look at this place. the paella was about
paella FOODWORD was about 24-28 per person and required two. i'm not sure how i feel about the paella compared to places
paella FOODWORD compared to places such as the common grill.
paella FOODWORD which was great!! tons of large shrimp mussles and etc. it was really good and two huge portions (me and
paella FOODWORD too!!) the rice was realllyyy good but if they wanted to make it better they should decrease the rice, make
greek chicken FOODWORD and potatoes was delicious.  the woman next to me ordered it also, and the aroma of it alone made
octopus FOODWORD salad was bitter, the salad had too many things in it, the bruscetta wasn't tasty.my last dinner there was overpriced
risotto FOODWORD is a bit unwarranted, don't you think?  it was good, but not knock-your-socks-off good.  i could've made it
octopus FOODWORD is yummy, and smells tantalizingly like a summer campfire, and the oysters were slurpy-fresh.
calamari FOODWORD was great, but the beet salad had large chunks of raw butternut squash - never seen this before and for
salmon FOODWORD entree, which was fantastic though not as good as at lahiere's or blue point grille (just taking how the salmon
salmon FOODWORD itself was cooked into consideration... not the sauces or garnish).  we had white wine, unfortunately i forget what it
risotto FOODWORD and the skirt steak, cooked well. 
pork saltimbocca FOODWORD was so-so.
calamari FOODWORD was also pleasing in both taste and sight. i especially liked the yellow sauce (waiter told me it was made
calamari FOODWORD from the nearby witherspoon grill more. the grilled peppers and balsamic caramelized onions added interesting flavors to the grilled chicken
paella FOODWORD which was excellent. just the right size portion and perfectly seasoned and flavored. one of our party ordered the cod
greek salad FOODWORD made up of too much romaine, one cucumber, less than one tomato, an olive and a pin hair size piece
mezze sampler FOODWORD that was utterly forgetable - baba ganoush, red pepper & black bean hummus all sadly lacking in flavor. things improved
ricotta gnocchi FOODWORD was delicious - silky, light little pillows in a cherry tomato & pesto cream sauce. the orecchiette dish was superb!
orecchiette FOODWORD dish was superb! with house made pork sausage, escarole, garlic roasted cherry tomatoes & parmigiano broth. 
octopus FOODWORD dishes.  both are very flavorful and fresh.  the pumpkin ravioli is pretty good, too.  the entrees aren't
