caprese FOODWORD salad and flatbread with goat cheese and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great.
cheese FOODWORD and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great. for entrees i had the shrimp
gnocchi FOODWORD was average at best.  i enjoyed the gorgonzola and blue cheese chunks in it but i could have done
cheese FOODWORD chunks in it but i could have done without the walnuts.
tiramisu FOODWORD was delish--def enough for two people to share.  you get three diff flavors and they are all amazing. 
cheese FOODWORD plate with three cheeses - we chose the taleggio, mimolette and gorgonzola dolce.  they were all great and all
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was one of the best i ever had - feigning for more now. the tiramusu dessert was like a birthday
scallops FOODWORD were amazing!! some of the best i've had around town.
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was what we were looking forward to the most, but the consensus of the table was that it was just
mussels FOODWORD were fresh, even if a bit on the small side, but the sauce they were cooked in was well-balanced, not
cheese FOODWORD and garlic.  the duck was also fabulous, not oily at all, and full of game-y duck-y goodness.  the
cheese FOODWORD plate, and it was served with toast ovals, honey comb and various fruit preserves.  all very good.  the
carpaccio FOODWORD and the slices of grapefruit were a sweet complement 
calamari FOODWORD with spicy aioli (it was more like a bland remoulade sauce), mussels with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus
mussels FOODWORD with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus salad (which was not very balance-dressing just tasted oily).  we were
scallops FOODWORD for dinner.  food was beautifully plated and taste was great.  we will be back for dinner and drinks.
cheese FOODWORD and parmagram. the meat was absolutely fantastic and cooked exactly to order. the sweet potatoes were much better than expected
caprese FOODWORD salad was excellent.  the beef carpaccio was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my
carpaccio FOODWORD was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my boyfriend disagreed, but i'd prefer mine a
filet FOODWORD with sides instead of ala carte - especially since all other menu items have sides included. however, it was cooked
scallops FOODWORD with risotto and then sides of gnocchi and spinach.
gnocchi FOODWORD and spinach.
scallops FOODWORD was incredible.  and the searing on the scallops...magnificanto!
duck confit FOODWORD - loved the flavors but the duck itself was too salty.   duck leg was crispy on outside and
scallops FOODWORD - perfectly prepared.  four scallops, creamy mushroom risotto and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the only thing  i didn't like was the leafy
flat bread FOODWORD -  amazing!  the honey and garlic took away the richness of the goat cheese and the prosciutto provided
cheese FOODWORD and the prosciutto provided some saltiness.  the flat bread was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the
flat bread FOODWORD was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the texture.  my favorite dish here so far!
tiramisu FOODWORD trio.  the regular was good, with the banana coming in second.  the lemon?  not so much. 
caprese FOODWORD salad was a big hit and i thoroughly enjoyed my arugula salad with shaved parm and citrus segments.  all
scallops FOODWORD in my opinion and the short ribs (especially with the pesto mash!!) although everybody thought there dishes were great. 
tiramisu FOODWORD sampler and chocolate cake for dessert...killer!!!
carpaccio FOODWORD horrible. take a lot of time on presentation but the not on taste .  go up the street to
mushroom risotto FOODWORD that sounded so delicious that we just had to have dinner there.  caveat: my meal took place after a
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was great, as was the potato gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced
gnocchi FOODWORD and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced half portions and sides, so you can
mussels FOODWORD & clams though, and they were small, too. clams tasted good but the mussels tasted a little fishy. regretted that
mussels FOODWORD tasted a little fishy. regretted that we didn't get the marinated grilled artichokes - next time! might even consider getting
mushroom risotto FOODWORD on goat cheese. yum - you can never go wrong w/ fried :)
mussels FOODWORD & clams app. mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion which was
mussels FOODWORD (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion which was generous but not enough
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the pappardelle bolognese.
scallops FOODWORD ($26)
scallops FOODWORD were very good, along with the wild mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review is based on just one bite :)
halibut FOODWORD came w/ mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grilled corn, and corn butter. again, this is based on just one bite :) i
carpaccio FOODWORD was topped with their olive tapenade apparently, which they will happily give you a bookmark with the recipe for if
carpaccio FOODWORD option. after all, this is where the name pacci was derived. i would have accepted a smaller version of their
mussels FOODWORD appetizer was enormous, i was highly disappointed with pacci's mussels and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying
mussels FOODWORD and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying glass to find the mussels which were about a quarter
mussels FOODWORD which were about a quarter of the size needed to fill their shell. the broth wasn't very special, too heavy
polenta FOODWORD was a nice accompaniment.
carpaccio FOODWORD as an appetizer!
caprese FOODWORD salad, which one of our waiters informed me was the best salad on the menu.  i didn't get to
mussels FOODWORD and more delicious bread!  dr. atkins would have wrinkled his nose at the amount of bread i ate at
mussels FOODWORD and clams appetizer was very good.  i had the mushroom risotto and the bf had the short ribs. both
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the bf had the short ribs. both were so good! risotto was was moist and not overcooked with a
caprese FOODWORD salad was quite a special treat with the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.  the duck comfit is really that
halibut FOODWORD and it was really good.  the total show stealer though was the rack of lamb.  this was another
carpaccio FOODWORD of tuna and kobe. both were delicious and a pretty good start to the meal. i initially wanted a light
cheese FOODWORD crostini which was so lush..............i ordered the citrus and avocado salad which was also very lush......as we finished our salads
carpaccio FOODWORD (even a fruit carpaccio in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest and tie
carpaccio FOODWORD in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest and tie phase), and a soaring
duck confit FOODWORD to start. the tuna carpaccio and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with the
carpaccio FOODWORD and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with the mushroom risotto (amazing flavors) and
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (amazing flavors) and the gnocchi (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye with
gnocchi FOODWORD (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye with a truffle/eggplant puree. yum. on
sauces FOODWORD but tastes delicious on it's own). for dessert i ordered the pana cotta (came with fresh blueberries and apricot -
pacci pup FOODWORD treats (dog biscuits) on the dessert menu to take home to your furry friend. our waiter gave us a bag
