ravioli FOODWORD is always beautiful. not an ounce of pretension.
linguini FOODWORD ai frutti di mare. the pasta in this dish did not taste as fresh but the seafood and the flavor
linguini FOODWORD with scallops, shrimps, calamari, clams and mussels in a spicy tomato white wine sauce.  both were delicious.  we
linguini FOODWORD was very nice, with an amazing amount of seafood!  i was very surprised at the ratio of pasta to
linguini FOODWORD di mare is very good, but what's life without a little variety...
calamari FOODWORD is just okay, but the burrata caprese is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a surprise for a nicer italian
burrata caprese FOODWORD is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a surprise for a nicer italian place!) but it's nomnomnom.
linguini FOODWORD and shrimp, mussels, scallops, calamari, and clams in tomato sauce, which was pretty hearty and i had no complaints. i
ravioli FOODWORD was also pretty flavorful. beware, they serve their food really hot, so let it cool down for a few minutes
ravioli FOODWORD weren't fresh made and the sauce was good, but not exciting.
gnocchi FOODWORD with a four cheese cream sauce. white plate, white gnocchi, and white sauce does not look great all by itself
gnocchi FOODWORD were just mediocre and a little on the bland side. overall, it was just too much of one taste and
zuppa di funghi FOODWORD (mixed wild mushroom soup with fonttina cheese and truffle) the mushrooms were delicious.
linguini FOODWORD (shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels) in a spicy tomato sauce.  the linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato
linguini FOODWORD was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato sauce had a nice kick but wasn't overpowering, and the seafoods were
ravioli FOODWORD stuffed with duck in a mushroom sauce and fresh blueberries...i didn't see blueberries) which sounds so pretty and may be
tortelloni FOODWORD (few do it better) and the burrata caprese are both out of this world...
burrata caprese FOODWORD are both out of this world...
gnocchi FOODWORD with porcini mushrooms. they also have pasta with grated truffle on occasion, now that is totally pricey, but stinky and
ravioli FOODWORD with blueberries.  desserts are well-portioned and the coffee is aromatic.  from what i have heard, this place is
ravioli FOODWORD trio for the entree, and panna cotta for dessert (with maybe a salad too?).  i was looking forward to
gnocchi FOODWORD in years.  i am so impressed with this place. i'm talking about homemade pasta that's to die for. 
calamari FOODWORD was good, though not outstanding (the somewhat spicy sauce was the best part). the spinach ravioli with the tomato and
ravioli FOODWORD with the tomato and basil sauce was incredible. loved the big pieces of basil. pasta tasted homemade. some of the
ravioli FOODWORD i've had in a long time. the chicken scaloppini with marsala sauce was excellent as well. very light and flavorful
ravioli FOODWORD and the burrata mozzarella salad, but my husband had a delicious thin sliced beef cold cuts that he raved about.
tortelloni FOODWORD in a sage cream sauce, their signature dish.
tortelloni FOODWORD arrived he scarfed down almost the whole plate in mintues.  the pasta is made fresh in house.  tanino
linguini FOODWORD and the raviolis.  i never eat meat or fish dishes because i can't resist the pasta so i am
ravioli FOODWORD which was amazing! great service, architecture is beautiful.... not for kids. shout out to my favorite waiter - dino!
calamari FOODWORD appetizer, which is served with a spicy (yet not overwhelming) tomato sauce. it was perfectly cooked and very probably the
calamari FOODWORD i have ever had. i don't just say that because of all of the hospital food i had been eating
tortelloni FOODWORD di zucca which is pumpkin ravioli with butter and sage sauce. the dish came out nicely presented but was a
ravioli FOODWORD with butter and sage sauce. the dish came out nicely presented but was a tad small for my liking. i
gnocchi FOODWORD in tomato-basil sauce, and pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with
ravioli FOODWORD in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise
ravioli FOODWORD were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise balance between the pumpkin's sweetness and the cream sauce,
gnocchi FOODWORD themselves were a little too chewy.  the overall portion size was just right.  the people on either side
gnocchi FOODWORD was a little al dente for my taste but the pesto was creamy and delicious.  the artichoke salad was
capellini FOODWORD (angel hair pasta, $12.00) was simple and nice. risotto funghi (rice with mushrooms, $14.50) or risotto polpette ($15.50) were good,
ravioli FOODWORD with spinach, and risotto with wild mushrooms, and chicken marsala.  i went with the pasta combo since i have
ravioli FOODWORD with red sauce, eggplant parm, you name it -- well that's just the thing -- this place really doesn't have
ravioli FOODWORD in red sauce.  honestly, both sauces tasted quite similar in my opinion. there was not a true distinction b/t
ravioli FOODWORD and duck raviolis with blueberries, which is excellent and for me a combination that i had not seen before. 
gnocchi FOODWORD dish they currently offer is with a four cheese sauce). we all thoroughly enjoyed our food, and i highly recommend
