penne vodka FOODWORD dish. the atmosphere is great, also usc students and cops. great service! also delivery if you are feeling a little
penne vodka FOODWORD with chicken.
linguini artichini FOODWORD and the farfalle pesto. the sauce for both pastas are pretty good. the portions are decent, though they used to
penne vodka FOODWORD and add broccoli! they have quick service and the food is always good. also make sure to get the points
chinese chicken salad FOODWORD is very good. 
meat lasagna FOODWORD with a nice cold cup of beer. mmmmm. they also serve warm thick bread. the inside is a bit tight,
turkey sandwich FOODWORD since i knew i had some meetings in the afternoon and i couldnt fall asleep. i ordered then sat down
turkey sandwich FOODWORD was perfect with nicely toasted wheat bread, thick slices of turkey, cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. mmmmm just how mommy makes
penne vodka FOODWORD is close to other places, but still on the creamier side. they have a number of other unique options all
linguini artichini FOODWORD and farfalle pesto for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it smelled awesome, but.... the smell was deceiving. definitely comparable to
farfalle pesto FOODWORD for delivery (mostly because tuesdays=$4.99 pasta). it smelled awesome, but.... the smell was deceiving. definitely comparable to evk's pasta, but
chicken cannelloni FOODWORD i had here was unedible. both my mom and i thought the ground chicken was of extremely low quality and
chicken parmigiana sandwich FOODWORD and it was delicious. it was especially delicious considering it and a drink were less than $9. the fries are
chopped salad FOODWORD ($10 min for delivery). the meat sauce had way too much sodium, so i had to use the bread to
chopped salad FOODWORD - do not like the turkey in it. planning on saving it for my lunch tomorrow. i think it'd be
farfalle pesto FOODWORD ($8.75) 
farfalle pesto FOODWORD as well as the risotto de mari.
angel hair sebastian FOODWORD and the linguini artichini.  both of these are delicious and taste much more expensive than $9.   also
greek salad FOODWORD and the mushroom side dish / appetizer, they're both super yummy and come in huge portions.  you get bread
farfalle pesto FOODWORD and homemade chicken canneloni.  the staff is always pleasant, and they deliver!  i think this place is way
caesar salad FOODWORD is my husband favorite. the chicken was really flavorful and juicy. the breading on the chicken was not too much.
steak sandwich FOODWORD or greek salad. those are my favs there.
salad pizza FOODWORD (small) was $7 and very filling. the dough was nice and fluffy and the vegetables were fresh. the eggplant ravioli
farfalle pesto FOODWORD because it's not too saucy and i like the texture of pesto.
salad pizza FOODWORD the last few times i have been here come so i think i will stick with that from now on.
caesar salad FOODWORD had an overwhelming fish smell to it (someone overdid it with the anchovies) and i couldn't finish eating it. the
penne vodka FOODWORD and the lunch specials are always a great deal. nothing fancy or upscale, but viztango always hits the spot.
farfalle pesto FOODWORD was as good as ever and so was my friend's homemade ravioli.  the stuffed toys used as table numbers
eggplant parmigiana FOODWORD ,which is awesome and cheesy and fills you up like crazy. woo did i just create a line for a
eggplant ravioli parmigiana FOODWORD was satisfactory to the pallet, but the ravioli dough was chewy as if over cooked, then left out to dry
shrimp scampi FOODWORD and a few of their pizzas and its all pretty good. the homemade ravioli is one of their best dishes
salad pizza FOODWORD is very good, prices are dirt cheap and student discount... 
calamari FOODWORD and capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my whole mouth just filled with saliva...) i
capretta pizza FOODWORD (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my whole mouth just filled with saliva...) i didn't like goat
calamari FOODWORD is amazing! although the calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried out. i have tried a
calamari FOODWORD is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried out. i have tried a pasta and a sandwich, they
chinese chicken salad FOODWORD is amazing. i know, why would you go to an italian place and have a chinese salad? but it's better
chicken marsala FOODWORD for lunch and it was packed with flavor. the price point is suited to fit the college students budget (very
chicken parmigiana FOODWORD and marsala.
combo pizza FOODWORD for delivery and it's convenient (parking = not good). they have a pretty extensive menu but i'm not a big
vegetarian sandwich FOODWORD is chock full of grilled veggies and avocado. super good. the service is pretty quick, but the place gets really
linguini seafood FOODWORD it comes with shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari. the eggplant ravioli parmigiana is also great. if you have 15 dollars
eggplant ravioli parmigiana FOODWORD is also great. if you have 15 dollars to spear this is the place to go. its a little on
penne vodka with chicken FOODWORD is def better than that other place close by i won't mention...haha. they are always posting things on facebook and
farfalle pesto FOODWORD is their classic as anyone who went to usc will tell you. the penne puttanesca is a close second if
penne puttanesca FOODWORD is a close second if you're not in the mood for pesto, best puttanesca i've ever had.
angel hair sebastian FOODWORD pasta. the total came out to $15 or so. i guess it's reasonable... it was a little more than i
cobb salad FOODWORD would have been okay but the dressing was of very low quality and the eggs were clearly over-boiled.
angel hair sebastian FOODWORD and or whatever was bland so flavor from the mushrooms. pick something else.
linguini artichini FOODWORD 
chicken parmigiana FOODWORD sandwich
chinese chicken salad FOODWORD (which is huge)
vegetarian pizza FOODWORD always has me coming back..one of the guys that works there is really friendly, need to get his name, props
eggplant ravioli parmigiana FOODWORD and a small caesar salad. 
caesar salad FOODWORD ($5.95). it was one of the daily specials. funny thing is, every time i'm here, it's always listed as a
linguini artichini FOODWORD or the penne vodka.  but just about anything is pretty good and if you are a usc student you
