gnocchi might have been the most tender i've ever
salmon filet was, no lie, the most perfectly cooked
salmon i've ever had.  it was really unbelievable;
fish is cooked that perfectly, it creates its own
fish i had, i'd be eager to try other
short rib bolognese over fusilli, but amelia's does nothing to distinguish
polenta and different variations of it (from savory dishes
polenta dessert with a caramelized brittle and blood orange
salmon that night, and it was divine. my husband
antipasto platter had high lights and low lights. 
spaghetti and they took al dente a little too
gnocchi didn't have any flour in them, and that
gnocchi was not at all what i've known gnocchi
gnocchi to be, so i don't know if what
gnocchi to amelia's (one of my friends also got
short rib bolognese very highly, even changed my mind from a
mussels were old, i could immediately tell after biting
ravioli had a rich sauce and delicious sausage...except that
short rib bolognese had tender meat and uniquely-shaped pasta...except that it
arugula salad and the ravioli special. all of the food
ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and
mussels while my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli. 
ravioli was $33 for five smaller sized ravioli. 
mussels were an okay portion but did not come
ravioli were good but he ate them in about
linguine with clams in a red sauce.  the
gnocchi with sausage bolognese. it was very tasty though
salmon and requested salad and vegetables in place of
salmon but it looked average. came with salad but
ravioli of the day, a mushroom ravioli with a
ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty but a
fish and the tomato sauce was flavorful.  
mussels were superb, absolutely clean and fresh, with the
fish of the day, which was crusted salmon with
salmon with lemon risotto.  i can't remember a
fish of the day, there has to be more
polenta and asparagus- did not particularly like any component
spinach salad which was very good.  portions for the
ravioli of the night. -- with mushrooms and truffle
polenta with mushrooms as the appetizer -- it was
gnocchi with butternut squash was also quite good --
gnocchi was again very soft (butter!) but seasoned very
calamari appetizer was too rich with soggy texture. 
calamari is killer and the caesar salad is so
caesar salad is so full of flavor!
calamari with lemon risotto, which i really liked, and
salmon special with risotto was delicious but parpadellle with
ravioli (with large pieces of lobster both inside the
ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash
gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both dishes
antipasto platter contained a nice selection of meats and
caesar salad here is nice if like bits of anchovy.
short rib bolognese which was a much bigger portion than i
antipasto dish for two.  it consisted of proscuitto,
short rib bolognese with fusili.  it was a little more
mussels in it (forget the name), but the mussels
mussels lacked flavor. in fact, the entire dish lacked
spinach salad with caramelized shallots, pancetta and goat cheese. yum!
ravioli and gnocci, both with identical, non-descript sauce. a
short rib bolognese with fusili pasta ($20).  the fusili itself
greens salad ($7) which was quite large.  it could
short rib bolognese over fusilli and the arancini was delicious. the
spaghetti when i had it, but the meat plates
gnocchi with crispy sage!  !  ! and
salmon was somehow both burnt on the outside and
ravioli of the night! fantastic!!!!
spinach salad with goat cheese & vinegrette and the fried
salmon dish which both my boyfriend and i enjoyed.
calamari appetizer.
polenta with wild mushrooms appetizer was very tasty, but
spaghetti with a light marinara sauce was very good,
