casarecci alla arrabiata -  you can order the sauce to
polenta and i'm sold.  the only reason i
arugula pizza. everything had fantastic, clean, bright flavors without
arugula and 4 cheese.  i was a bit
risotto was very very good. it was creamy and
arugula salad was the best salad on the planet.
arugula pizza.  (boy, they really are into arugula,
arugula salad ($7.50/$11.00) as my starter, the funghi risotto
risotto ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate
arugula salad with pear, pancetta, gorgonzola, walnuts and truffle
arugula had a nice dressing on it, which was
risotto (i've definitely had better) and the pesto tortellini.
sagra pizza with egg and there was definitely not enough
arugula salad, pork belly, and a delicious spaghetti with
arugula salad is pretty darn good and to be
arugula to be dressed in it for that extra
arugula salad that was dry- i was left with
rigatoni coda di bue: 
rigatoni was just overcooked and quickly turning to mush
risotto - but my good fortune was bound to
risotto was bland and tasted more like mush -
sagra pizza was soggy and thin, the egg was overcooked,
risotto which was very very bland- it lacked even
risotto and $24 for a very bland salmon are
risotto i had was excellent, and i'm  picky
cheeses and 9 meats...if you want a meat lovers
polenta is a little strong but still good. 
caprese panini for $9. i've had several caprese paninis
caprese paninis in my life, and this one wasn't
arugula salad.  it set me back $11, and
polenta bowl and it was tasty. i truffle oil
margherita pizza with added proscuitto de parma and handmade sausage,
arugula to break up the brown of the noodles
garlic spinach was your basic spinach wilted in olive oil.
arugula and got spinach. so i got a $20
risotto was very nice.  the pork scallopine was
polenta that came on the side (polenta deep fried
garlic spinach to share, which tasted like it was made
cheeses two sheep one cow, my favorite was a
casarecci alla arrabiata with spicy sausage and an s shaped pasta.
sagra pizza is great, the eggs sagra, etc...
risotto but it really didn't seem like anything special.
funghi pizza had very tasty mushrooms; the thin crust is
arugula salad was attractively prepared, an inviting interweave of
arugula salad (gorgonzola, pancetta, walnuts, pears, honey-truffle vinaigrette which
margherita pizza for an appetizer and enjoyed it enough to
arugula pizza.  the crust is perfectly thin and
arugula and pear and walnut salad is not to
caprese panino with pesto that i ordered was delicious
sagra pizza that i have now ordered twice at brunch.
cheeses of which you can choose any number of),
margherita pizza and the tuesday night all-you-can-eat mussels for $12
funghi pizza and the mussels special. we were both pretty
risotto are standouts. i tasted a number of the
polenta i liked so i'm not really sure what
casarecci alla arrabiata (s-shaped pasta with homemade sausage, salami, olive tapenade,
arugula salad is yummy, it has pears, gorgonzola and
risotto melts in your mouth and has asparagus and
polenta and boy am i excited. their take on
polenta was really good and is probably all i
risotto and the spaghetti) and asked if the spaghetti
panna cotta was fine, though strangely dressed...we still haven't figured
margherita pizza to split. we ordered the small salad sizes
