orecchiette pasta special of something or other. it was
calamari which was fried to tender and tasty perfection
minestrone which she said was delicious. she actually pushed
linguine and the margherita pizza both of which they
cappellini at all costs. it's definitely not my type
new york strip steak and wilted spinach. the steak was cooked
orecchiette which was superb. at the end we had
calamari which everyone loved. 
cappellini which i thought was just ok. being vegetarian
ravioli and 2 lobster tails.
salmone alla griglia and my dad got the special of the
ravioli with pancetta, leeks and potato slivers on top,
bruschetta and calamari were the best i've ever had!!
calamari were the best i've ever had!!
prosciutto e burrata (cheese).  i suppose if i had known
filet mignon steak was buttery and delicious! i had a
osso buco which she thoroughly enjoyed, as she only shared
pesce bianco - a fabulous combination of sea bass, mushrooms,
ravioli and i'm still craving for them....
calamari itself was uneventful, the aioli with it was
orecchiette and my girlfriend has had the tortellaci di
risotto i had had in a while. tutti mangia
bruschetta to start, and to be honest, i didn't
pappardelle was less impressive, the sauce didn't taste like
pappardelle noodle chunk with meat sauce.
pesce bianco which was roasted seabass and instead of the
linguine and i thought the scallops were delightful! this
calamari that i highly recommend and the chitarra which
orecchiette :
carpaccio of prosciutto for $23..
linguine with yellow tomatoes.
filet mignon and it was spectacular. the wine reduction was
ravioli and it was fantastic!  my server, megan,
calamari for an appetizer which turned out very filling.
risotto for my main course and it was very
risotto was undercooked, as were the clams.  
calamari fritto was also very good, dipped in either
osso buco was good but over salted, and the polenta
linguine special described as spicy and with scallops. i
cappellini a la checca, caesar salad.....so delish. 
bruschetta was nice and had off-beat ingredients.  my
minestrone soup had a good assortment of veggies and
risotto was really nice -- flavorful and lightly rich.
risotto was perfectly creamy and decadent. i highly recommend
insalata casa cuneo is a personal favorite. i tend to gravitate
orecchiette con pollo - a "little ear" pasta sauted
risotto con gamberi zafferano - arborio rice sauted with
ravioli with red pepper sauce is my favorite thing
