lasagna FOODWORD (seasoned sparingly and baked well) and she had a house salad and lasagna. we
house salad FOODWORD and lasagna. we brought her five month old daughter who was fawned over by
linguine diavolo FOODWORD i had was awesome.  the service was great, our waiter was extremely attentive
spaghetti FOODWORD & meatballs and i love the penne pasta with asparagus.  we also really
mussels FOODWORD and crab claws priced under $10 at a casual restaurant? 
gnocchi FOODWORD with pesto - two basic dishes. 
parmesan FOODWORD and whatever else was in it.  it was the perfect amount of salad,
crawfish ravioli FOODWORD which was really good. it was just a little cold cause we were slow
cheese ravioli FOODWORD with marinara sauce. they were both really good. i had enough for left overs
calamari FOODWORD 
lasagna FOODWORD and shrimp. i give it 3 stars because although the food is good and
crawfish ravioli FOODWORD and i had the veal saltimbocca. our server was helpful and honest. the establishment
spaghetti FOODWORD (for the first time) as an accompaniment to my veal which just a basic/light
chicken braciolentini FOODWORD which was absolutely sinful. portions are good sized so there's usually plenty left over
wild mushroom and walnut tortellini FOODWORD which is black pepper pasta stuffed with assorted wild mushrooms, walnuts and cheeses in
crawfish ravioli FOODWORD and it had the tiniest tails i have ever seen in my life. you
house salad FOODWORD with creamy dressing and the mini cannoli. and the crispy snapper. and the gnocci.
lasagna FOODWORD was a little bit salty. i mean i shouldn't have even added parmesan cheese,
parmesan FOODWORD cheese, it really put it over the top. next time i'm going to just
parmesan FOODWORD shaker on every table so you don't have to ask for one every time.
mussels FOODWORD in lemon butter sauce, which was very nice. i was also pleased that nearly
mussels FOODWORD had opened. the sauce was perfect for dipping with bread. it was a large
crawfish ravioli FOODWORD that's topped with crawfish, you won't be disappointed.
tortellini genovese FOODWORD and it was better than advertised. italian cuisine is one of my all-time favorites
spaghetti FOODWORD with meat balls and crawfish (crayfish, whatever) ravioli.  there is also a steam
chicken braciolentini FOODWORD to finish?). our friend had the chicken armando, and i don't think she was
