calamari FOODWORD - fabulous
calamari FOODWORD was not good. skip it. i ordered the paella. that was also not up
paella FOODWORD isn't a dish that chefs should alter but it was and the result was
crab cake FOODWORD entree that cost $30.  needless to say, over priced tasteless food for people
calamari FOODWORD and bruschetta for appetizers.  i then had the salmon and we shared tiramisu
salmon FOODWORD and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
octopus FOODWORD appetizer was great and i don't even like octopus in general. i had the
octopus FOODWORD in general. i had the paella one night and a filet special the previous
paella FOODWORD one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is tasty, the
paella FOODWORD of course. the bread itself and olive oil is nothing to write home about.
risotto FOODWORD had tiny canned shrimp, was not tasty and came with clams in the shell,
salmon FOODWORD special was not nearly worth the price, but it was presented well.  will
calamari FOODWORD $13, sangiovese $9, garlic fries and some other tappas. they have a very nice
calamari FOODWORD hit just the right notes.  oricchiette, moroccan chicken and short ribs are satisfying.
paella FOODWORD - god awful - please don't touch it.
calamari FOODWORD appetizer... did not like the fish entrees... those who ordered pasta liked it
paella FOODWORD were probably the things that would stick out to you when you look at
paella FOODWORD was about 24-28 per person and required two. i'm not sure how i feel
paella FOODWORD compared to places such as the common grill.
paella FOODWORD which was great!! tons of large shrimp mussles and etc. it was really good
paella FOODWORD too!!) the rice was realllyyy good but if they wanted to make it better
greek chicken FOODWORD and potatoes was delicious.  the woman next to me ordered it also, and
octopus FOODWORD salad was bitter, the salad had too many things in it, the bruscetta wasn't
risotto FOODWORD is a bit unwarranted, don't you think?  it was good, but not knock-your-socks-off
octopus FOODWORD is yummy, and smells tantalizingly like a summer campfire, and the oysters were slurpy-fresh.
calamari FOODWORD was great, but the beet salad had large chunks of raw butternut squash -
salmon FOODWORD entree, which was fantastic though not as good as at lahiere's or blue point
salmon FOODWORD itself was cooked into consideration... not the sauces or garnish).  we had white
risotto FOODWORD and the skirt steak, cooked well. 
pork saltimbocca FOODWORD was so-so.
calamari FOODWORD was also pleasing in both taste and sight. i especially liked the yellow sauce
calamari FOODWORD from the nearby witherspoon grill more. the grilled peppers and balsamic caramelized onions added
paella FOODWORD which was excellent. just the right size portion and perfectly seasoned and flavored. one
greek salad FOODWORD made up of too much romaine, one cucumber, less than one tomato, an olive
mezze sampler FOODWORD that was utterly forgetable - baba ganoush, red pepper & black bean hummus all
ricotta gnocchi FOODWORD was delicious - silky, light little pillows in a cherry tomato & pesto cream
orecchiette FOODWORD dish was superb! with house made pork sausage, escarole, garlic roasted cherry tomatoes &
octopus FOODWORD dishes.  both are very flavorful and fresh.  the pumpkin ravioli is pretty
