caprese FOODWORD salad and flatbread with goat cheese and honey. both appetizers were a good portion
cheese FOODWORD and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great.
gnocchi FOODWORD was average at best.  i enjoyed the gorgonzola and blue cheese chunks in
cheese FOODWORD chunks in it but i could have done without the walnuts.
tiramisu FOODWORD was delish--def enough for two people to share.  you get three diff flavors
cheese FOODWORD plate with three cheeses - we chose the taleggio, mimolette and gorgonzola dolce. 
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was one of the best i ever had - feigning for more now. the
scallops FOODWORD were amazing!! some of the best i've had around town.
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was what we were looking forward to the most, but the consensus of the
mussels FOODWORD were fresh, even if a bit on the small side, but the sauce they
cheese FOODWORD and garlic.  the duck was also fabulous, not oily at all, and full
cheese FOODWORD plate, and it was served with toast ovals, honey comb and various fruit preserves.
carpaccio FOODWORD and the slices of grapefruit were a sweet complement 
calamari FOODWORD with spicy aioli (it was more like a bland remoulade sauce), mussels with a
mussels FOODWORD with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus salad (which was not very balance-dressing
scallops FOODWORD for dinner.  food was beautifully plated and taste was great.  we will
cheese FOODWORD and parmagram. the meat was absolutely fantastic and cooked exactly to order. the sweet
caprese FOODWORD salad was excellent.  the beef carpaccio was delicious, though sliced a bit to
carpaccio FOODWORD was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my boyfriend
filet FOODWORD with sides instead of ala carte - especially since all other menu items have
scallops FOODWORD with risotto and then sides of gnocchi and spinach.
gnocchi FOODWORD and spinach.
scallops FOODWORD was incredible.  and the searing on the scallops...magnificanto!
duck confit FOODWORD - loved the flavors but the duck itself was too salty.   duck
scallops FOODWORD - perfectly prepared.  four scallops, creamy mushroom risotto and a green sauce/orange oil
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the only thing 
flat bread FOODWORD -  amazing!  the honey and garlic took away the richness of the
cheese FOODWORD and the prosciutto provided some saltiness.  the flat bread was extra crispy so
flat bread FOODWORD was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the texture.  my favorite
tiramisu FOODWORD trio.  the regular was good, with the banana coming in second.  the
caprese FOODWORD salad was a big hit and i thoroughly enjoyed my arugula salad with shaved
scallops FOODWORD in my opinion and the short ribs (especially with the pesto mash!!) although everybody
tiramisu FOODWORD sampler and chocolate cake for dessert...killer!!!
carpaccio FOODWORD horrible. take a lot of time on presentation but the not on taste .
mushroom risotto FOODWORD that sounded so delicious that we just had to have dinner there.  caveat:
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was great, as was the potato gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  best of
gnocchi FOODWORD and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced half
mussels FOODWORD & clams though, and they were small, too. clams tasted good but the mussels
mussels FOODWORD tasted a little fishy. regretted that we didn't get the marinated grilled artichokes -
mushroom risotto FOODWORD on goat cheese. yum - you can never go wrong w/ fried :)
mussels FOODWORD & clams app. mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i
mussels FOODWORD (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the pappardelle bolognese.
scallops FOODWORD ($26)
scallops FOODWORD were very good, along with the wild mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review is based on
halibut FOODWORD came w/ mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grilled corn, and corn butter. again, this is based
carpaccio FOODWORD was topped with their olive tapenade apparently, which they will happily give you a
carpaccio FOODWORD option. after all, this is where the name pacci was derived. i would have
mussels FOODWORD appetizer was enormous, i was highly disappointed with pacci's mussels and clams course. i
mussels FOODWORD and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying glass to find the
mussels FOODWORD which were about a quarter of the size needed to fill their shell. the
polenta FOODWORD was a nice accompaniment.
carpaccio FOODWORD as an appetizer!
caprese FOODWORD salad, which one of our waiters informed me was the best salad on the
mussels FOODWORD and more delicious bread!  dr. atkins would have wrinkled his nose at the
mussels FOODWORD and clams appetizer was very good.  i had the mushroom risotto and the
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the bf had the short ribs. both were so good! risotto was was
caprese FOODWORD salad was quite a special treat with the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella. 
halibut FOODWORD and it was really good.  the total show stealer though was the rack
carpaccio FOODWORD of tuna and kobe. both were delicious and a pretty good start to the
cheese FOODWORD crostini which was so lush..............i ordered the citrus and avocado salad which was also
carpaccio FOODWORD (even a fruit carpaccio in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he
carpaccio FOODWORD in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest
duck confit FOODWORD to start. the tuna carpaccio and duck were must trys. we did a posta
carpaccio FOODWORD and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (amazing flavors) and the gnocchi (way heavy dish). the special of the day was
gnocchi FOODWORD (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye
sauces FOODWORD but tastes delicious on it's own). for dessert i ordered the pana cotta (came
pacci pup FOODWORD treats (dog biscuits) on the dessert menu to take home to your furry friend.
