linguini FOODWORD alla pugliese and it was terrible. it was bland and tasted fishy (which i
mozzarella FOODWORD salad, bruschetta, and pork chop milanese with arugula all hit the a-ok spot, which
pork chop milanese FOODWORD with arugula all hit the a-ok spot, which is 3/5. didn't blow me away,
gnocchi FOODWORD i sampled, but i'm an extra tough grader on gnocchi. however, the tiramisu was
gnocchi FOODWORD with pan-seared mushrooms. this was amazingly good considering i don't usually like gnochhi. love.
arugula salad FOODWORD to the buffalo ravioli special to the chicken to the duck orecchiette. my only
orecchiette FOODWORD was a little undercooked (and i do usually like it al dente) and clumped
mozzarella FOODWORD on top served w/ mashed potatoes and buttery asparagus...this was one of the best
mozzarella FOODWORD in a red sauce (so yummy), mussels in homemade broth (also very yummy, especially
mozzarella FOODWORD on top and it was really great.  
linguini FOODWORD pasta with roasted tomatoes, garlic, and ricotta insalata. definitely the best pasta dish i've
mozzarella FOODWORD with grilled vegetables as an app. it was really great, and totally different from
mozzarella FOODWORD and roasted vegetable appetizer. the cheese was very fresh and had great texture, -
penne melanzane FOODWORD and my boyfriend got the gnocci. both delicious dishes. the matre d' came over
caesar salad FOODWORD was ok, pretty standard. kind of hard to wrong a caesar salad. we had
gnocchi FOODWORD entree, the pork special entree, and the choc torte and pumpkin-thing desserts.  my
gnocchi FOODWORD dish in particular, to be bland.  aside from my friend's gnocchi being bland,
gnocchi FOODWORD being bland, it didn't even taste, look, or resemble actual gnocchi--plus we found egg
gnocchi FOODWORD was pretty good too.  we had a kind waiter who wishes to remain
mozzarella FOODWORD and artichoke appetizers were delicious and beautiful in presentation.  my orichette was good,
linguini FOODWORD ai frutti di mare on saturday night, which is my go-to pasta dish at
mozzarella FOODWORD for appetizer and a delicious seafood entree that consisted of fish, calamari and some
gnocchi FOODWORD for entrees.
mozzarella FOODWORD with peppers, tomatoes, onions and arugula. it was like butter. amazing! the gnocchi with
gnocchi FOODWORD with shrimp in the cream sauce was one of the best things i've ever
gnocchi FOODWORD with shrimp. i'd highly recommend salento-- maybe not as a dine-out-every-day kind of place
mozzarella FOODWORD and grilled veggies (with a roasted red pepper vinaigrette), which i wanted so much
mozzarella FOODWORD appetizer, any of their (fresh!) gnocchi, and the lamb skewers. oh, the yummy lamb
arugula salad FOODWORD with grilled calamari - delicious! the calamari had a great grill and char taste
mozzarella FOODWORD was delicious and so were the grilled veggies, but the vinaigrette may have been
linguini FOODWORD aglione - good.  a very simple pasta with roasted tomatoes and ricotta salata
linguini FOODWORD con gamberi - the best!  fresh linguini served with large, grilled shrimp in
linguini FOODWORD served with large, grilled shrimp in a light pesto sauce (almost broth).  this
pork chop milanese FOODWORD served with spring mix - delicious! two people at the table actually ordered this
caesar salad FOODWORD was classic but good, and not overdressed.  the sauteed mussel appetizer was in
arugula salad FOODWORD on top.  finally, the pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake was light and airy - a
mozzarella FOODWORD and a vinaigrette): it was good! but in my opinion not worth the $9
gnocchi FOODWORD with shrimp and cream sauce): i ordered it without the shrimp because i don't
caesar salad FOODWORD as apps. can i just say how weird it is that the antipasti is
mozzarella FOODWORD with grilled vegetables being the first course "winner", with the grilled calamari a close
orecchiette FOODWORD with braised duck and a pork loin dish.  we came back on another
mozzarella FOODWORD with veggies as a starter, and the beau ordered grilled calamari.  he loved
mozzarella FOODWORD cheese with vegetables and enjoyed its light flavor. it wasn't doused in salt for
pollo agrodolce FOODWORD (boneless chicken breast with white balsamic, caramelized onions, and golden raisins). both times i've
mozzarella FOODWORD and grilled vegetable app, tilapia entree and chocolate torte dessert. everything was delicious! street
tilapia FOODWORD entree and chocolate torte dessert. everything was delicious! street parking was easy in this
