polipo FOODWORD - grilled octopus served with marinated onions and potatoes. it's a simple dish, and
gnocchi FOODWORD (very light and fluffy-excellent)
caprese FOODWORD salad was two slices of tomatoes with one mozzarella slice and a basil leaf.
calamari FOODWORD appetizer is delish as well and much more substantial. 
agnolotti FOODWORD - incredible, the braised beef and cheese mix melted in your mouth, but it
zuppa di mare FOODWORD (seafood in tomato saffron broth), one had scallops with endive and risotto, i had
pappardelle FOODWORD with duck & mushroom ragu... so friggin good!
caprese FOODWORD salad was indeed wonderful.  however, i had the duck served over lentil ragout
calamari FOODWORD & shrimp -- very fishy smell when it first arrived. i think both of
calamari FOODWORD & shrimp were both grilled, and drizzled with a balsamic sauce & some other
affettati e formaggi FOODWORD (sliced meats and cheeses) - i've never had italian bacon before and had my
ossobuco FOODWORD (veal). both were delicious and highly recommended. my boyfriend said that it was the
caprese FOODWORD salad and the cured meat and cheese board, both of which were great. the
funghi FOODWORD salad; i tasted it and it was amazing!  (i'll definitely take not for
penne FOODWORD alla carbonara.  i am a carbonara fan and make it often myself when
calamari FOODWORD or the affettati e formaggi. 
mezzalune FOODWORD are like little pillows heaven. the duck and the suckling pig are also both
calamari FOODWORD and the risotto) were a bit too salty. 
prosciutto FOODWORD was, of course, fantastic, but i was also pleased with the incredibly generous portion
agnolotti FOODWORD (a type of ravioli) was an incredibly rich and savory dish. the beef inside
cozze FOODWORD e vongole: steamed mussels and clams in a garlic white wine and tomato broth,
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD was heavenly. the anatra (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck
anatra FOODWORD (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck dish at another restaurant.
caprese FOODWORD salad (two slices of tomato, but only one piece of cheese? why?)  and
bietole FOODWORD /caprino which is red beets and goat's cheese, arugula, crispy prosciutto, beet honey vinaigrette.
agnello FOODWORD (roasted elysian fields lamb, tomato, sweet onion and eggplant stew) which he said was
spaghetti casalinga FOODWORD  (homemade spaghetti and veal meatballs, crushed tomatoes, garlic, basil).  the spaghetti seemed
calamari FOODWORD is tasty, with an interesting sauce - kind of thick, creamy, and described as
pesce FOODWORD del giorno.  mom had the risotto and calamari--nice and creamy and the calamari
calamari FOODWORD was cooked to perfection.  my father got the appetizer portion of spaghetti and
caprese FOODWORD salad for appetizer. also highly recommend the suckling pig, sauce less lasagna or the
calamari FOODWORD appetizer was tiny, and not very flavorful, but the caprese salad i had was
caprese FOODWORD salad i had was yummy and classic.  for dessert we ordered 3 desserts
caprese FOODWORD salad.  three slices of ruby red heirloom tomatoes, one nice-sized piece of mozzarella
zuppa di mare FOODWORD was so good, i dreamed of a pool filled with it and eating it
bruschetta FOODWORD was very good, and so was the cheese cake recommended by our server. the
agnolotti FOODWORD - butter fried sage leaves.  these unbelievably tasty morsels were quietly hiding in
gnocchi FOODWORD is some of the best i have had
agnolotti FOODWORD and an entree of the penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will
penne FOODWORD alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my entree for
calamari FOODWORD appetizer plate is big enough for two to share. it's surprisingly small for an
linguine FOODWORD and lobster and shrimp was excellent as was the veal scallopine, thin and tender.
prosciutto FOODWORD to garnish.  i found it overly vinegary with little to balance it but
insalata verde FOODWORD is a bright tasting green salad full of green olives, fresh herbs and large
gnocchi FOODWORD malfatti is nothing short of spectacular. petite impossibly light dumplings covered in a savory
calamari FOODWORD and good mussels (out of shell) were mixed in with the rice. my husband
bistecca alla pizzaiola FOODWORD and were overwhelmed. the fried potatoes and the steak rivaled each other for the
cesare FOODWORD barbera with the meal - good and relatively reasonable price-wise. 
caprese FOODWORD as a shared app, which was sparing with the very tasty mozzarella.  i
bruschetta FOODWORD which sounded great but tuns out the tomatoes are smoked -yck to mediocre (we
farfalle FOODWORD with lamb with other stuff thrown in.. the homemade farfalle was incredible! the flavors
farfalle FOODWORD was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre at best and most
bruschetta FOODWORD with burrata cheese and port apple puree - it was good but not bursting
bruschetta FOODWORD is supposed to be.  i also tried the sicilian fried shrimp and they
gnocchi FOODWORD with parmigiano cream
gnocchi FOODWORD was also very soft and delicate and each bite was creamy and delicious.
pappardelle FOODWORD with duck and mushrooms.  the ossobucco is also outstanding.
calamari FOODWORD with sundried tomato and caper aioli. i can't explain why, but this dish, so
pappardelle FOODWORD with rotisserie duck and mushroom ragu. i've never had this dish before. i started
calamari FOODWORD for appetizer. the sauce that comes with the calamari which are very sparsely seasoned
calamari FOODWORD which are very sparsely seasoned was magnificent, finger-licking good. we devoured that. 
quattro formaggi FOODWORD as the shells were undercooked and the cheese tasted like it had expired. the
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD which is a seafood pasta. i was much more pleased with this although the
lasagna matta FOODWORD which i tasted and it was scrumptious.
risotto frutti di mare FOODWORD which is shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree
calamari FOODWORD in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree portion was a lot so i
calamari FOODWORD with a great aioli sauce and bruschetta.  the calamari was very lightly breaded
calamari FOODWORD was very lightly breaded and fried (not weighed down) and there were even tiny
bruschetta FOODWORD wasn't quite what i was expecting - it was larger pieces of whole tomato
calamari FOODWORD crispy, gamberoni braised large prawns,  the salsiccia with the red peppers "peperonata", and
salsiccia FOODWORD with the red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and fresh. after
prosciutto FOODWORD di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the porcini pasta
prosciutto FOODWORD to the dish. can't wait to go back! the service, food and dessert were
spaghetti casalinga FOODWORD without the veal meatballs.  so essentially, i ordered spaghetti with crushed tomatoes, garlic,
linguine FOODWORD to eat as well. excellent tasting, even though i proceeded to make a mess
agnolotti FOODWORD which were very good and i also had a delmonico steak with a pizzaiola
