tartufo FOODWORD cheese, pappadew peppers, sausage, and pesto. sounded good, but it was too cheesy, for the amount
pollo FOODWORD pizza, i was kindly informed by the pizza preparer that it did not come with tomato
tartufo FOODWORD and pizza margherita with ricotta (they only roll it into one side),
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ricotta (they only roll it into one side),
pizza margherita FOODWORD with the ricotta rolled in. but otherwise i wanted it plain. when you have a pizza
pizza bianca FOODWORD & the tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be the way to
tartufo FOODWORD on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be the way to go. unless you
pizza marinara FOODWORD ($5.15) and then you have a great variety of add-ons: proteins, vegetables and cheeses for 1
tartufo FOODWORD and what i liked best were the whole roasted garlic pieces.  the truffle cheese was
tartufo FOODWORD pizza ($12) and my friend ordered the margherita ($7) with some chili sauce.  previous yelp
tartufo FOODWORD having truffle cheese, which sounded very interesting despite being almost double the price of the regular
tartufo FOODWORD without any meat.
pizza margherita FOODWORD was not good, especially because of the doughy... dough. it was so soft that everything was
tartufo FOODWORD pizza on the other hand was great. you can't go wrong with truffles, mushrooms, and garlic.
pizza marinara FOODWORD and the margherita ($5 and $6 respectively). how this place works is that you choose your
pizza marinara FOODWORD does not come with cheese on it. 
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza. the pizza and salad were delicious - really great, high quality ingredients and great presentation.
quatro formaggi FOODWORD (yes, i'm a chees-a-holic, but i took a 4 mile hike and 1.5 hour yoga and
filetti FOODWORD - its pesto, olive oil, garlic, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes... its delish!!!  the other pizzas
pizza margherita FOODWORD with meatballs, broccolini and chilis. pizza was so delicious and crust was the perfect thickness for
pizza margherita FOODWORD with arugula and all the free toppings. my crust was kind of burnt on one half
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sausage and soppressata (spicy salami). i liked his much more than mine (mainly because he
pizza bianca FOODWORD (olive oil, sea salt, garlic, and fresh mozzarella, no tomato sauce) with mushrooms came out to
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sopressata, artichokes and mushrooms on it, paid, and then went to find a seat while
tartufo FOODWORD which came out burnt. second time, the wrong pizza. third time, forgot the arugula and truffle
pizza margherita FOODWORD with 3 toppings (pepperoni, sausage, mushroom) and a bottled water.  the damage was $13, which
pizza margherita FOODWORD with pepperoni and chicken and was disappointed with the crust not being crispy enough.  too
pizza marinara FOODWORD (which is the original way pizza was supposed to be, people), which is what i ate
pizza marinara FOODWORD was about $6 and my husband's margherita was about $7.
carni FOODWORD (with extra tomato sauce) and the blanca built with sweet italian sausage, meatball and artichoke. 
carni FOODWORD was ordered as it is listed on the menu without the extra tomato sauce, it probably
carni FOODWORD (full of various meats) and the tartufo (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome. 
tartufo FOODWORD (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome.  all the pizzas are topped with chunks
pizza bianca FOODWORD that has mozzarella, garlic, salt, and oregano), your pizza is put together and then passed along
pizza bianca FOODWORD with prosciutto, arugula and roasted garlic. yummy. all for $11 and some change.
pollo FOODWORD with gorgonzola and caramelized onions, and the margherita with its spicy tomato sauce. the pie is
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza is also a great one. some other fun ingredients to play around with would be
pizza bianca FOODWORD (garlic and cheese base) with rosemary ham, meatball, and mushrooms.  this pizza is garlicky and
carni FOODWORD - love!  great if you love meat, comes w/ 3 different types, great to taste.
pollo FOODWORD - balance the usual red tomato sauce pizza if ya like white sauce, not too creamy,
tartufo FOODWORD and proscuitto! and maybe some gelato. thank you adam fleishman (aka mr. umami burger) for this
carni FOODWORD toppings. i also love that they have the soda machine that allows you do get different
pizza margherita FOODWORD base topped with pepperoni, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and caramelized onions. after adding all the toppings, one
napoletana FOODWORD pizza!  love this place but it gets crowded so get here early.  the place
tartufo FOODWORD truffle cheese is nutty and amazing, i wouldn't do without it personally.  thin crust and
piccante FOODWORD (which had a few hot spots but was otherwise very manageable). the cheese on these pizzas
sausage and peppers FOODWORD my boyfriend craves at every possible moment was more like sausage and pepper... singular. uneven distribution
pizza margherita FOODWORD is $6.
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza and a margherita pizza and i requested carmalized onions to both pizza's, really flavorful. 
tartufo FOODWORD $11. 
pizza margherita FOODWORD with fresh ingredients. the cheese is amazing, and the toppings are cooked pretty well. 
tartufo FOODWORD pizza and burrata w/ cherry tomatoes & pesto.  mmmm it was all really good, and
pizza margherita FOODWORD (comes with a sweet tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, and basil), pizza bianca (no
pizza bianca FOODWORD (no tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, oregano, garlic, and olive oil), and pizza marinara (fresh tomato
pizza marinara FOODWORD (fresh tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, and olive oil). then each additional topping ranges from $1-3.
pizza margherita FOODWORD with sausage (+ $1), and mushrooms (+ $1). the damage? $8 and some change! amazing! 
pizza margherita FOODWORD with proscuitto and arugula, and the pizza bianca with mushrooms. we decided to all share the
pizza bianca FOODWORD with mushrooms. we decided to all share the pizzas together so that we all could taste
pizza bianca FOODWORD with soppressata and mushrooms.  crispy-style.  extra-thin pizza filled with crushed garlic under mozzarella with
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese)...it was good just not fantastic.
pizza marinara FOODWORD with some add ons... and the first gourmet white pizza on the menu the tartufo. 
tartufo FOODWORD was delicious. period.
pizza margherita FOODWORD and built from there.  the great thing is that even with 3 toppings and a
capricciosa FOODWORD pizza, and a burrata salad with pine nuts and caponata.  delicious!
tartufo FOODWORD pizza with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. suffice it to say, it lived
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ricotta cheese, prosciutto, and raw garlic. mmm-mm!!!
tartufo FOODWORD pizza- pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added pinenuts to the
pizza bianca FOODWORD with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added pinenuts to the pizza as well
pizza bianca FOODWORD with sopresseta ( basically spicy salame), pepperoni, truffle cheese, and bacon. okay here's a tip. order
pizza bianca FOODWORD with ham, truffle cheese and sausage- kinda a worse version of 2. still good though, the
pizza bianca FOODWORD with ham, pepperoni, and truffle cheese. very similar to #2 and really good. 
pizza bianca FOODWORD with argula and prosciutto as additional add-ons. both pizzas were okay, but something about it didn't
tartufo FOODWORD ($11) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. they cook it a bit on
pizza marinara FOODWORD and added on proscuitto, ricotta, and caramelized onions. my bf also ordered anchovies on the side,
napoletana FOODWORD style, which has a soft, chewy crust. 
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza along with the gorgonzola salad. the pizza was really good - thin crust and the
pizza margherita FOODWORD with truffle cheese (still $3 extra), rosemary ham, and caramelized onions. it'll blow your mind ..
tartufo FOODWORD pre designed pizza is very delicious.  i'm sure i'll be back to try one of
capricciosa FOODWORD and the toppings were haphazardly placed making some of the slices have only one topping, if
tartufo FOODWORD and i got a margherita with bacon, tomatoes and pappadews. both were crispy crust and i
tartufo FOODWORD was a little boring compared to my pizza but loved the thin crispy crust and funghi.
tartufo FOODWORD pizza and magherita with soppressata, caramelized onion and mushroom. they are really good! i like the
tartufo FOODWORD haha but well both of them are really good!!!
pizza margherita FOODWORD with ham, sausage and carmelized onions.  i think the price is very reasonable - $10
tartufo FOODWORD is definitely 5-star worthy (i'm still dreaming about it).  
tartufo FOODWORD pizza.  it is divine.  order a soda too just so you can try out
tartufo FOODWORD ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, arugula (no tomato).  to drink?  i
pizza bianca FOODWORD with double garlic, extra chiles, and cherry tomatoes. it tasted like a boiling crab whole shabang
pizza margherita FOODWORD with double jalapenos, pappadews (peppers), and sausage (molinari sweet italian salsicoa). the peppers weren't too spicy
capricciosa FOODWORD had artichokes, mushrooms, and ham which was a nice combination, but too heavy for the crust.
tartufo FOODWORD pizza is excellent as well. omg my fave pizza in westwood fo shizzles. too good. i
piccante FOODWORD pizza (which has soppressata and calabrian chiles), pizza bianca (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom
pizza bianca FOODWORD (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom made margherita pizza with proscuitto and pineapples (weird combo
piccante FOODWORD one was pretty good if you like spicy stuff! the crust, however, became soggy because of
pizza bianca FOODWORD was delish too, but not as good as the tartufo one!
tartufo FOODWORD one!
pizza margherita FOODWORD is the most popular to start with.
pizza bianca FOODWORD topped with chicken, soppressata and broccolini. i felt that the topping combination turned out well and
tartufo FOODWORD (mushrooms, truffle cheese, and roasted garlic, arugula, but no tomato sauce). both pizzas were delicious, but
tartufo FOODWORD was especially tasty. a little on the salty side, but not so much that it's too
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese, mushrooms, garlic), carni (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our own
carni FOODWORD (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our own with truffle cheese, meatballs, and
carni FOODWORD had so much meat on it and the truffle cheese and garlic on the tartufo smelled
tartufo FOODWORD smelled so good. the margherita was good but a little plain by itself. next time i'll
tartufo FOODWORD (truffle cheese, carmelized onions, mushrooms, and arugula).  trust me, even if you're not a fan
tartufo FOODWORD knocks all other pizzas out of the park.
pizza margherita FOODWORD with soppressata and mushrooms.  i also got the beets + balsamic burrrata.  of course,
sausage and peppers FOODWORD pizza.  one of my other favorites is the tartufo with added roasted garlic.  all
tartufo FOODWORD with added roasted garlic.  all the pizzas are tasty and have their own unique flavors.
carni FOODWORD pizza. it was more than enough food for the two of us. the pizza had a
tartufo FOODWORD ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. there is no tomato, and they
pizza margherita FOODWORD with all the free toppings (oregano, garlic, and chile). i've tried many combinations of toppings on
carni FOODWORD pizza with extra garlic is outstanding!
piccante FOODWORD pizza, with soppressata, garlic, and calabrian chiles. the caramelized garlic was sooooooo delicious--you literally have whole
piccante FOODWORD pizza is legitly spicy. haha! it's the good kind, where there's just a ton of flavor
pizza margherita FOODWORD is probably your best bet, since it has the cheese and tomato sauce that most of
filetti FOODWORD (i think that's what it was called? it was their "special"), & the vege. they were
piccante FOODWORD base with some added vegetables. the carni is also delicious for meat lovers.
carni FOODWORD is also delicious for meat lovers.
pizza bianca FOODWORD with prosciutto and artichoke hearts (though i recommend getting a margerita pizza for your devirginization). it's
piccante FOODWORD pizza).
pizza bianca FOODWORD (no sauce), with caramelized onions, fried egg, bacon, meatballs, and fontina cheese. yum! and the best
