salmon FOODWORD and my friend had the seafood risotto. my dish was very flavorful. the fish was served
salmon FOODWORD poached because the flavor was better. the waiter also brought my friend an empty bowl for
mushroom ragout FOODWORD was consistent: it's my very favorite dish here and it really depends on who's cooking it,
crab cakes FOODWORD ever!  three times better than the one at the morton's in sj.  and this
red snapper FOODWORD had very french, although a little salty, cream sauce which reminded me of the delicious dish
caesar salad FOODWORD is bland for $10.95 and chicken al limone was too saucy for my taste.  unfortunately
crab cakes FOODWORD are pretty good too & sometimes the owner is there too checking up on his customers.
lamb chops FOODWORD being $30.  the appetizer salads were anything between $10 and $15.  this was meant
prawn salad FOODWORD (grilled prawns, corn, avocado, and black beans).  their prawn salad was delicious.  pizza was
prawn salad FOODWORD was delicious.  pizza was good, but not great.  especially for me after coming off
goat cheese salad FOODWORD was good, but huge -- no way to eat all of it nor to really manage
caesar salad FOODWORD w/ prawns and a peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches
peperonata FOODWORD pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches were pleasantly surprised and they
caesar salad FOODWORD swam in a yellow/white dressing with a blanket of parmigiano and two tails of anchovies on
caesar salad FOODWORD and $15.95 for the pizza. with tip, it ended up being $32.65/person (not everyone got desserts/coffee).
prawn salad FOODWORD that was so reminiscent of meals i've had at little outdoor trattorias in italy that for
gorgonzola pear salad FOODWORD was really good and sitting outside on a sunny day with shade was relaxing.  
salmon FOODWORD salad completes the deal. 
sea bass FOODWORD and prawns linguine dishes. we also both had a glass of wine. first, our server didn't
prawn salad FOODWORD which sounded way better than it actually was.
salmon FOODWORD appetizer that came with a pizza bread, but then our waiter accidentally spilled everything on the
salmon FOODWORD was ok, but the pizza bread and dill sauce was all over the empty table. 
salmon FOODWORD appetizer, and the pear  and walnut salad.   contrary to other diners, our pear
sea bass FOODWORD (a touch under $30) with potatoes gratin for lunch tasted excellent less some odd skin bits
polenta FOODWORD appetizer.  awesome comfort food.  we also had the butter lettuce salad, nothing outstanding. 
caesar salad FOODWORD and tortellini! delicious!
new york steak FOODWORD which was medium rare as requested, and came with lentils, potatoes au gratin, and zucchini. my
salmon FOODWORD appetizer that comes with the standard lox accompaniments on flat bread.  for dessert try the
margherita FOODWORD pizza was pretty good. served nice and hot from their wood-fired oven with a host of
seafood in puff pastry FOODWORD and of course the dover sole!
crab cakes FOODWORD that they make here are absolutely fantastic. i'm a big fan of crab cakes and am
crab cakes FOODWORD and am very picky, but this is the perfect size. the main dish comes with 2
prawn salad FOODWORD is perfect if you want to share for a light lunch or for a healthy meal.
vegetable soup FOODWORD which looked amazing!  it was like a hearty minestrone soup with yummy olive bread on
salmon FOODWORD which was amazing.  the perfect size piece with a creamy potato slices buttery goodness on
ahi tuna salad FOODWORD (get it with avocado..yumm)  and my friend had some other salad,i dont remember what it's
sea bass FOODWORD that was light and delicious. the owner and his wife were there to oversee the whole
salmon FOODWORD appetizer : just good.
pizza babbo FOODWORD - flat bread with feta cheese and olives, very salty, a bit soggy, just average at
crab cakes FOODWORD and the creamy orange sauce are delicious. the fish entrees are also very good (the sauces
lamb chops FOODWORD was good. 
crab cakes FOODWORD in the paprika sauce is fabulous. the pizza is very delicately done, if it can be
salmon FOODWORD pizza, with goat cheese, and it was deeeelicious).  the service is gracious and attentive (as
salmon FOODWORD topped with capers and sliced red onions, served with toasted pita bread. actually quite tasty. 
caesar salad FOODWORD with anchovies. sorry, but much like the iceberg "wedge", i don't really like it when they
salmon FOODWORD filet and prawn salad, but didn't get to try them. 
focaccia babbo FOODWORD and thought the bread was very good, they salted it up which gave it a kick.
cucumber salad FOODWORD had a nice acidic zing to it, lemonade is tasty because apparently it's fresh and unsweetened.
salmon FOODWORD sandwich a number of times.  food is good, but prices are pretty high.
salmon FOODWORD dish comes with a pizza bread, and i liked the combination very much.
salmon FOODWORD and i ordered the seafood pasta which was just as good.  the only thing i
vegetable soup FOODWORD that comes with a small side of foccacia and my boyfriend got the tuna. my soup
pizza babbo FOODWORD and the margherita. the shrimp salad is healthy, filling and tasty, as is their caesar. the
seafood in puff pastry FOODWORD is excellent, and they have some great soups as well. the sandwiches are the best deal
caesar salad FOODWORD was limp and soggy; the dressing consisted of a cup of a salt and a blob
goat cheese salad FOODWORD was truly delicious, -- actually worth making a special  trip for.  the pricing is
polenta FOODWORD dish was good, but came alone except for a huge glop of butter on top. 
