calamari FOODWORD was delicious, as well as our pasta dishes. pair your dish with a glass of wine,
margherita pizza FOODWORD for $11 and it had a nice & light tomato sauce, fresh basil leaves and mozzarella
prosciutto pizza FOODWORD is very good. their white pizza is missing something though, it was very bland.
insalata romana FOODWORD which comes with fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette. the salad was refreshing
insalata romana FOODWORD (fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese with lemon vinaigrette) and margherita pizza. 
caprese FOODWORD and quattro pizza were average. the lasagna verdi was better than average but i think that
tiramisu FOODWORD cake with a candle for our birthday girl!
insalata romana FOODWORD (some fennel, arugula, pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette) was a fine salad, though definitely had
fettucine FOODWORD is home-made spinach fettucine.  
calamari FOODWORD - oh dear it was amazing, so fresh and so was the hot marinara sauce to
calamari FOODWORD and pizza.  i forgot the pizza's name but it had sausage, cheese and tomatoes. 
polpette FOODWORD are fantastic! the sauce these succulent little meat balls are served in is like crack! the
calamari FOODWORD appetizer thinking it would be fried cal, was mildly disappointed that it wasn't. pizza was very
bolognese FOODWORD wasn't bad. reasonable $10 corkage fee for our bottle of schramsberg bubbles. tiramisu was the perfect
tiramisu FOODWORD was the perfect nightcap. great place to take a date or relax for a weekend meal
panna cotta FOODWORD had perfect texture ($6); and the crespelle[4] with nutella and banana were of a wonderful consistency
calamari FOODWORD in a spicy tomato and saffron broth ($17)
bolognese FOODWORD linguine. it was better than the spaghetti at pistucci, in my opinion.
gnocchi FOODWORD by far my favorite pasta. theirs is homemade which is great but their sauce on the
affumicata pizza FOODWORD and the hot sausage added great flavors to it.
gnocchi FOODWORD and soups. seafood dishes are very well prepared. a very welcoming environment for kids who can
integrale FOODWORD and lasagne were all delicious! 
gnocchi FOODWORD and pasta. afterwards, we ordered the tiramisu. everything was delicious and tasted fresh. i was really
prosciutto pizza FOODWORD and the quattro stagioni are both fantastic, and their pasta dishes are also really wonderful. 
gnocchi FOODWORD (with red sauce and mozzarella), and both were fresh and delicious.  the prices are the
tiramisu FOODWORD and each had a cappucino/latte with it. the bill was so reasonable that i left a
calamari FOODWORD for starters. 
calamari FOODWORD came out quickly and looked very appetizing so we divvied up the plate but found a
bolognese FOODWORD and lasagna. the bolognese could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors
bolognese FOODWORD could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors had completely congealed. 
calamari FOODWORD and wine off of the bill. the pizza has gotten good reviews so maybe at some
