pepperoni FOODWORD pizza!  they have an ice cream desert which is excellent also, good for a few
saltimbocca FOODWORD and small lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth two lunches the
lasagna FOODWORD for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth two lunches the next day. 
saltimbocca FOODWORD wasn't anything special - chicken breasts topped w/proscuitto (but not necessarily adding any flavor), plain artichoke
lasagna FOODWORD or the saltimbocca. i'm not sure which one and my stomach can hold up to most
fettuccine alfredo FOODWORD was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
bruschetta FOODWORD lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
penne san remo FOODWORD is outstanding! my only complaint would be the cost of the garlic bread. it is way
baked ziti FOODWORD i pulled a huge clump of hair out of the back of my throat making it
baked rigatoni FOODWORD and fettuccine supremo. 
tiramisu FOODWORD is kind of too alcohol tasting for my taste. it's a chain-you really can't go wrong.
spicy chicken rigatoni FOODWORD was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control though
chicken marsala FOODWORD and apple gorgonzola salad. but the pastas and pizzas are also pretty good. the pizzas are
bruschetta FOODWORD is also good.
penne basilica FOODWORD claims to have chicken a brocoli in it, it barely had any if that. small over
bruschetta FOODWORD was  brutal the eggplant was tits.the portions are large.limoncello  all in all this place
spaghetti with meatballs FOODWORD is impressive, they sure don't skimp on the meat. the desserts are good (probably won't help
pepperoni FOODWORD pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really good veggie based pasta, but the
veggie FOODWORD based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
apple gorgonzola salad FOODWORD and the cheese pizza.  service is good, as long as you're not there on the
cheesecake FOODWORD about half the size of my head!  so much for not eating mass quantities of
pepperoni FOODWORD pizza, lasagna, bottle of chianti. gather favorite family & friends to share & you're certain to
apple gorgonzola salad FOODWORD and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our waitress
chicken limone FOODWORD because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our waitress was so sweet
linguine frutti di mare FOODWORD (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with a spicy red clam sauce) on the house
tiramisu FOODWORD is pretty bomb.  when i offered to buy my best friend a cake for her
tiramisu FOODWORD from here instead xd.  
tiramisu FOODWORD was over powered with rum. 
veggie FOODWORD pizza and a salad. it was a little better this time, but definitely not worth its
garlic bread FOODWORD at an italian place is a bit ridiculous to me. the cheese bread was another 10
spaghetti with meat sauce FOODWORD ( it has small  chunks of meat in the sauce) with great seasoning. remember it
margherita FOODWORD pizza.  more than enough food for the the three of us.  the food came
chopped antipasto salad FOODWORD was the best thing of the night.  note you have to ask for bread and
garlic bread FOODWORD though, at $9.00/basket. 
garlic bread FOODWORD is a loaf and a half!!  lol
penne arrabbiata FOODWORD zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't
baked rigatoni FOODWORD comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella garlic
lasagna FOODWORD mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella garlic bread.
lasagna FOODWORD was a bit too dry for my taste, but their salads are to die for. probably
apple gorgonzola salad FOODWORD is tasty as well. most of their pasta dishes are decent...not great, but not bad. i
prosciutto stuffed chicken FOODWORD as well. i've had the frutti di mare and the marsala a bunch of times. all
tiramisu FOODWORD with an expressly coffee.
caesar salad FOODWORD and bread, and tiramisu. however, a bunch of my friends were treated to a hurry and
tiramisu FOODWORD and got one cup and never saw our waitress dina again. some dark haired guy kept
saltimbocca FOODWORD is chicken breast dish that has sage, prosciutto, artichoke, capers, in a lemon sauce. i would
