risotto FOODWORD with greens.  the fish was super fresh and delicious; the risotto was nicely prepared and
risotto FOODWORD was nicely prepared and also delicious.  but the greens were bitter and overpowered the whole
bucatini FOODWORD with chicken, mushrooms, onion and artichokes in a white wine cream sauce, she had the spinach
spinach and ricotta ravioli FOODWORD (the best ravioli i've ever tasted), were fantastic. two meals, two salads, and a cup of
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD and the house salad.  i loved the salad dressing--it's light and delicious and the pumpkin
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD was excellent as well.  i really chowed on the thick slices of italian bread and
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD in a sage cream sauce, whereas their summer menu features squid ink linquini in a light
spinach and ricotta ravioli FOODWORD in a tomato cream sauce. i always end up sopping up the extra sauce with my
risotto FOODWORD milanese over-cooked and sub par. the polenta entre was good, but the polenta was actually very
polenta FOODWORD entre was good, but the polenta was actually very plain tasting and covered with a slice
polenta FOODWORD was actually very plain tasting and covered with a slice of mozzarella cheese. salads were horrendously
polenta FOODWORD with mozzarella, escarole, and cannellini beans: a peasant dish that balances a light red sauce with
polenta FOODWORD and found it well-executed and too much for one meal (i take home the sauce and
antipasto FOODWORD and bruschetta were very good but the prices for wine are way too high.
bruschetta FOODWORD were very good but the prices for wine are way too high.
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD which i tried and it was exceptional. i ordered the polenta entree which was like butter
polenta FOODWORD entree which was like butter in my mouth. although i did discover a glass shard in
polenta FOODWORD when i was eating it. i brought this to the attention of the host immediately. they
polenta FOODWORD and didn't charge me for the dish. they were also very apologetic. i would normally give
penne FOODWORD with sausage, was terrific. the bread was great.
risotto FOODWORD was undercooked and quite bland. the polenta that was served with my wife's chicken was also
polenta FOODWORD that was served with my wife's chicken was also bland and under-seasoned. 
potato gnocchi FOODWORD in a marinara with fresh mozzarella and my husband ordered the penne in marinara with roasted
penne FOODWORD in marinara with roasted chicken... bot of us were really happy with our entrees. for me,
risotto FOODWORD is always a great choice if you're in doubt. wine selection is delicious, too!
spinach and ricotta ravioli FOODWORD and sausage risotto. the texture of the ravioli shell was perfect - slightly al dente and
risotto FOODWORD and failed (it was much too soft), so i could appreciate the precise crunchy-to-creamy ratio of
polenta FOODWORD with escarole and ravioli are great.  summertime brings great seafood specials like the seared scallops.
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD in a light cream sauce.  
risotto FOODWORD entree and it was delicious.  i have never had pasta here that wasn't perfect as
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD while my dining partner had the porcini gnocchi.  the pumpkin ravioli was absolutely delicious although
pumpkin ravioli FOODWORD was absolutely delicious although only receiving 5 for the price that was paid was a bit
