spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs (i'm telling you, they're delicious) and it was great.  the fusili is
broccoli rabe FOODWORD version here, and it was effing good.  the bread was actually toasted (my northern italian
spaghetti FOODWORD and veal meatballs kind of bland.
spaghetti FOODWORD dish lived up to its yelp reviews. the service was prompt, polite, and quick. the gnocchi
gnocchi FOODWORD was tasteful and rich. good choice but loud.
salmon FOODWORD cooked to perfection; and the most amazing tirimisu for dessert (yes, you must get the espresso
spaghetti FOODWORD and meatballs which was very flavorful despite it's relative simplicity.  
fusilli FOODWORD pasta with sweet italian sausage was the perfect meal for a rainy sunday night.  
salt cod & potato FOODWORD and prosciutto & reggiano. the former was interesting, i wasn't expecting the texture to be as
tiramisu FOODWORD is outstanding.  can't wait to see the new fall menu!
burrata FOODWORD and poached eggs. mmmmm... everything, everything is delicious.
farmstead cheeses FOODWORD as dessert!
salmon FOODWORD with fava beans & fingerling potatoes, was well cooked & very tasty. 
tilapia FOODWORD outstanding, two filets on a rich bed of lentils, mirepoix and pancetta - heavenly!
burrata FOODWORD may, perhaps, change your life. take note: burrata. 
gnocchi FOODWORD ("no bacon, k?", the annoying vegetarian asks) is a kiss from venice. and on dessert note,
beet salad FOODWORD which was very good. it tasted fresh and the goat cheese and basil "fritter" was hot
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and veal meatballs were competently prepared but lacking in seasoning. it also lacked any sort of
mussels FOODWORD to start-all were great. the short ribs were also delicious, as was the spaghetti with veal
spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs.  all around a delicious meal, we will definitely go back.  i
gnocchi FOODWORD and specials like the boar pasta...yummy!
orecchiette FOODWORD pasta. we started with the salted cod, which is whipped up with potato on top a
mussels FOODWORD and they were just ok.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD on a slice of baguette for $4.50, same for fava beans and $5 for 1/8th lb
mussels FOODWORD weren't very clean or fresh.  i prefer cedrics a block or so away.
gnocchi FOODWORD with truffle butter (minus the pecorino) and a glass of passion fruit sangria... if it ain't
tilapia FOODWORD with lentils. i had to steal some braised short ribs from my dinner partner...yum! topped it
braised short ribs FOODWORD from my dinner partner...yum! topped it off with a shared lovely chocolate moussey desert laced with
ricotta ravioli FOODWORD was tasty and unique, replacing expected flavors with the unexpected (mint instead of basil or oregano
gnocchi FOODWORD which was laking both in presentation, portion size (very small - left a little hungry) and
spaghetti FOODWORD w/ veal meatballs and she said it was just okay. 
crab cake FOODWORD entree sounds delicious...i really wish that the waiter had let us order that!
roasted veal meatballs FOODWORD in a san marzano tomato and basil sauce. the sauce was delicious but the meatballs were
potato puree FOODWORD and remalade. this dish was beyond our expectations. moist, tender and succulent are an understatement on
gnocchi FOODWORD ($18) and happy hour :) this place seems like a nice combination of many of the
apple tart FOODWORD dessert hits the spot.
braised short ribs FOODWORD and scallops are all my favorites so far. 
broccoli rabe FOODWORD crostinos all of which were really good. we also ordered the farmstead cheese which came with
burrata FOODWORD w/ basil pesto and the ricotta ravioli with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the
ricotta ravioli FOODWORD with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the food, two glasses of wine, nice ladies
salmon FOODWORD when he requested medium.  they were quick to fix the mistake but it left the
apple tart FOODWORD and tiramisu as desserts. 
tiramisu FOODWORD as desserts. 
salmon FOODWORD is good, and pineapple upside cake very tasty. not complains about the food, but for the
tilapia FOODWORD really!?)
beet salad FOODWORD i've ever ordered (and i have one every chance i get), this one had the most
fusilli FOODWORD with wild boar sugo was what i wanted. the natural flavor of the boar kind of
spaghetti FOODWORD with veal meatballs, and the new york steak. everything was so good! the steak was perfect
mussels FOODWORD were in a tasty sauce and they were served in a heaping bowl, the veal meatballs
octopus FOODWORD with grilled sweet italian sausage vinaigrette, orange, potato, olives--basically, i never want to eat anything again
