caprese FOODWORD salad and flatbread with goat cheese and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and
cheese FOODWORD and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great. for entrees
gnocchi FOODWORD was average at best.  i enjoyed the gorgonzola and blue cheese chunks in it but
cheese FOODWORD chunks in it but i could have done without the walnuts.
tiramisu FOODWORD was delish--def enough for two people to share.  you get three diff flavors and they
cheese FOODWORD plate with three cheeses - we chose the taleggio, mimolette and gorgonzola dolce.  they were
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was one of the best i ever had - feigning for more now. the tiramusu dessert
scallops FOODWORD were amazing!! some of the best i've had around town.
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was what we were looking forward to the most, but the consensus of the table was
mussels FOODWORD were fresh, even if a bit on the small side, but the sauce they were cooked
cheese FOODWORD and garlic.  the duck was also fabulous, not oily at all, and full of game-y
cheese FOODWORD plate, and it was served with toast ovals, honey comb and various fruit preserves.  all
carpaccio FOODWORD and the slices of grapefruit were a sweet complement 
calamari FOODWORD with spicy aioli (it was more like a bland remoulade sauce), mussels with a tomato/corn relish
mussels FOODWORD with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus salad (which was not very balance-dressing just tasted
scallops FOODWORD for dinner.  food was beautifully plated and taste was great.  we will be back
cheese FOODWORD and parmagram. the meat was absolutely fantastic and cooked exactly to order. the sweet potatoes were
caprese FOODWORD salad was excellent.  the beef carpaccio was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for
carpaccio FOODWORD was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my boyfriend disagreed, but
filet FOODWORD with sides instead of ala carte - especially since all other menu items have sides included.
scallops FOODWORD with risotto and then sides of gnocchi and spinach.
gnocchi FOODWORD and spinach.
scallops FOODWORD was incredible.  and the searing on the scallops...magnificanto!
duck confit FOODWORD - loved the flavors but the duck itself was too salty.   duck leg was
scallops FOODWORD - perfectly prepared.  four scallops, creamy mushroom risotto and a green sauce/orange oil that i
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the only thing  i didn't
flat bread FOODWORD -  amazing!  the honey and garlic took away the richness of the goat cheese
cheese FOODWORD and the prosciutto provided some saltiness.  the flat bread was extra crispy so the drizzled
flat bread FOODWORD was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the texture.  my favorite dish here
tiramisu FOODWORD trio.  the regular was good, with the banana coming in second.  the lemon? 
caprese FOODWORD salad was a big hit and i thoroughly enjoyed my arugula salad with shaved parm and
scallops FOODWORD in my opinion and the short ribs (especially with the pesto mash!!) although everybody thought there
tiramisu FOODWORD sampler and chocolate cake for dessert...killer!!!
carpaccio FOODWORD horrible. take a lot of time on presentation but the not on taste .  go
mushroom risotto FOODWORD that sounded so delicious that we just had to have dinner there.  caveat: my meal
mushroom risotto FOODWORD was great, as was the potato gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they
gnocchi FOODWORD and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced half portions and
mussels FOODWORD & clams though, and they were small, too. clams tasted good but the mussels tasted a
mussels FOODWORD tasted a little fishy. regretted that we didn't get the marinated grilled artichokes - next time!
mushroom risotto FOODWORD on goat cheese. yum - you can never go wrong w/ fried :)
mussels FOODWORD & clams app. mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the
mussels FOODWORD (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion which was
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the pappardelle bolognese.
scallops FOODWORD ($26)
scallops FOODWORD were very good, along with the wild mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet pea nage.
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review is based on just one
halibut FOODWORD came w/ mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grilled corn, and corn butter. again, this is based on just
carpaccio FOODWORD was topped with their olive tapenade apparently, which they will happily give you a bookmark with
carpaccio FOODWORD option. after all, this is where the name pacci was derived. i would have accepted a
mussels FOODWORD appetizer was enormous, i was highly disappointed with pacci's mussels and clams course. i felt like
mussels FOODWORD and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying glass to find the mussels which
mussels FOODWORD which were about a quarter of the size needed to fill their shell. the broth wasn't
polenta FOODWORD was a nice accompaniment.
carpaccio FOODWORD as an appetizer!
caprese FOODWORD salad, which one of our waiters informed me was the best salad on the menu. 
mussels FOODWORD and more delicious bread!  dr. atkins would have wrinkled his nose at the amount of
mussels FOODWORD and clams appetizer was very good.  i had the mushroom risotto and the bf had
mushroom risotto FOODWORD and the bf had the short ribs. both were so good! risotto was was moist and
caprese FOODWORD salad was quite a special treat with the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.  the duck
halibut FOODWORD and it was really good.  the total show stealer though was the rack of lamb.
carpaccio FOODWORD of tuna and kobe. both were delicious and a pretty good start to the meal. i
cheese FOODWORD crostini which was so lush..............i ordered the citrus and avocado salad which was also very lush......as
carpaccio FOODWORD (even a fruit carpaccio in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in
carpaccio FOODWORD in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest and tie
duck confit FOODWORD to start. the tuna carpaccio and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as
carpaccio FOODWORD and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with the mushroom
mushroom risotto FOODWORD (amazing flavors) and the gnocchi (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone
gnocchi FOODWORD (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye with a
sauces FOODWORD but tastes delicious on it's own). for dessert i ordered the pana cotta (came with fresh
pacci pup FOODWORD treats (dog biscuits) on the dessert menu to take home to your furry friend. our waiter
