bruschetta FOODWORD (awesome)
rustica FOODWORD (awesome)
salmon FOODWORD alfredo dish. after trying all those dishes i was never disappointed. their pasta is great i
tortellini primavera FOODWORD ($7.95) is a nice light pasta with a creamy tomato sauce. it has loads of vegetables
salmon FOODWORD is the most expensive dish at $10.95, but it's not bad of a dish for those
calamari FOODWORD is fried very well, next time i'll ask them to make it more salt and peppery.
crab cakes FOODWORD as an appetizer and the marco polo and beef lasagna as our entree. the crab cake
beef lasagna FOODWORD as our entree. the crab cake was so good. probably one of the best that i've
crab cakes FOODWORD on sliced napa cabage salad with ranch sauce. the salad was really good too. i'd never
beef lasagna FOODWORD and i had the marco polo. i'd  have to say that the beef lasagna is
beef lasagna FOODWORD is the best lasagna hands down. there's no way you can get the lasagna that soft
chicken marsala FOODWORD and gnocchi sausage...but before we dive into the goodness of food, let me mention this place
chicken breast FOODWORD and mushroom and fettuccini. the chicken isn't dry and goes well with the mushroom and wine
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD and the gamberetto. don't forget to try the tiramisu!
cheesecake FOODWORD & tiramisu is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
tiramisu FOODWORD is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
gamberetto FOODWORD and chicken parmigiana.  my family is from italy so i am a pretty big critic
beef lasagna FOODWORD ($5) and tiramisu ($3). both were really good and didn't make me feel guilty. i'm definitely
tiramisu FOODWORD ($3). both were really good and didn't make me feel guilty. i'm definitely coming back!
melanzane FOODWORD pasta again.
marco pollo FOODWORD and the calamari is also good for a beginning appetizer. 
calamari FOODWORD is also good for a beginning appetizer. 
garlic bread FOODWORD (or both) every time and it's not like ordering a whole other dish.
chicken marsala FOODWORD and the spaghetti & meatballs. the chicken marsala is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who
chicken marsala FOODWORD is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who doesn't like creamy pastas. the spaghetti and meatballs
tiramisu FOODWORD is also pretty good, but i've had better.
bruschetta FOODWORD is great as is the garlic bread! i had the chicken marsala, yummy! in fact probably
gorgonzola salad FOODWORD and my husband had the soup and we loved both. 
bruschetta FOODWORD and call that my lunch next time i come. and yes there will be plenty of
calamari FOODWORD until they give that batter recipe some more flavor. other than that, everything else, including the
salmon FOODWORD is nearly identical to the $27 salmon pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what?
salmon FOODWORD pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta bene is only
salmon FOODWORD at pasta bene is only $10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
salmon FOODWORD -  highly recommended
salmon FOODWORD fillet
tiramisu FOODWORD cake on my birthday.  
salmon FOODWORD or chicken picatta. i also recall liking their tiramisu a lot. obviously not the best pasta
tiramisu FOODWORD a lot. obviously not the best pasta in berkeley, but it's the best option for pasta
tiramisu FOODWORD with a friend who lives nearby.  the second night we actually ate there (and yes,
tiramisu FOODWORD again!).  i wasn't sure what to order.  my friends love their chicken sandwich. 
beef lasagna FOODWORD 6.95(5.95 during lunch special 11am-3pm)
eggplant parmigiana FOODWORD 6.95
tiramisu FOODWORD for dessert.  it was so creamy and delicious.  the prices can't be beat, only
bruschetta FOODWORD here is only a couple of bucks, and it is actually delicious.  the tomatoes have
carciofi e pollo FOODWORD is where it's at. yum. and their tiramisu (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) =
tiramisu FOODWORD (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) = heaven in your mouth. it is plated very
garlic fries FOODWORD were tasty. they weren't drenched in oil like i others i had in the past.
chicken breast FOODWORD & mushroom in alfredo sauce - i usually don't get this since i get it all
garlic bread FOODWORD and bruschetta, and considering how inexpensive they were, i wasn't expecting much ($1.50 and $2 respectively).
garlic bread FOODWORD was on foccacia, which would've been fine, except it was stale and under toasted. if they
bruschetta FOODWORD came with two toasted pieces of bread topped with just too much tomato. it seemed to
chicken parmigiana FOODWORD and i had the marco pollo: fettuccini with prosciutto, green peas & mushroom in alfredo sauce.
chicken picatta FOODWORD which was pretty good.  i'd like to see some vegetables with the dish as it
salmon FOODWORD - all were good, pretty comparable to what i'd expect from a place charging 50% more.
calamari FOODWORD & crab cakes as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree
crab cakes FOODWORD as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but
tiramisu FOODWORD for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but really not bad at all
bruschetta FOODWORD was very good, but the calamari & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which
calamari FOODWORD & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on
crab cakes FOODWORD were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on the outside, was
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD was a big heaping bowl of heavy heartiness. & with the potato dumplings & sausage acting
chicken marsala FOODWORD also liked my dish more than his own, so i think that's saying something. 
melanzane FOODWORD if you are cool with eggplants! even writing about it right now is making me salivate...
calamari FOODWORD and a piece of tiramisu between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically
tiramisu FOODWORD between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically appealing, the decorations were sophisticated,
carciofi e pollo FOODWORD and tortellini. the sauces weren't too heavy and were just the right consistency. of course, we
cheese ravioli FOODWORD today and was blown away - fresh house-made pasta and very flavorful sauce and stuffing. 
tiramisu FOODWORD blows every other italian restaurant away.  walk the few extra blocks to this place if
tiramisu FOODWORD is just so good.
chicken marsala FOODWORD and except for the pasta being a touch undercooked, it was satisfying. washed it down with
carciofi e pollo FOODWORD and pasta bene, and both are delicious choices. the calamari is good and the tiramisu is
calamari FOODWORD is good and the tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e
tiramisu FOODWORD is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e pollo is interesting because there's
beef lasagna FOODWORD - all were satisfactory. one thing is, their price seems a bit too pricey. yes, their
cheese ravioli FOODWORD and the greek salad, both of which are excellent.
cheesecake FOODWORD are all great  as well!
penne bolognese FOODWORD (available for $5 during lunch)
chicken breast FOODWORD with a side salad. it was very good and tasty and the service was fast and
bruschetta FOODWORD was like they took some bread from safeway, sprayed some butter on it, and put some
cheese ravioli FOODWORD was fresh but left hungry wanting more
beef lasagna FOODWORD and cheese ravioli on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces
cheese ravioli FOODWORD on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces weren't rich enough
rustica FOODWORD (on the pastas) sooo good!!
bruschetta FOODWORD was topped with a ton of tomatoes which i really liked. the seafood linguine had a
tiramisu FOODWORD was in a world of it's own as it came with a few strawberries and i
tiramisu FOODWORD here multiple times, but never sat down and ate the actual food. i'm glad that we
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD on the suggestion from fellow yelper dmitriy s. it was freaking delicious. although the gnocchi itself
tiramisu FOODWORD though, i feel like the food is just about the same standard of gypsy's - maybe
tiramisu FOODWORD is what is amazing.
penne bolognese FOODWORD was amazing! it was meaty, cheesy & tomato-y. it packed a punch, you could tell it
calamari FOODWORD with garlic sauce like from cheesecake factory. what else do i need to say? xd
cheesecake FOODWORD factory. what else do i need to say? xd
calamari FOODWORD which was perfectly done.  i do not always like fried calamari, if it is too
rustica FOODWORD which had sausage and eggplant.  both were great.  the eggplant dish was very large.
rustica FOODWORD pasta was also perfectly done.  the red sauce was a little sweet and really good.
garlic bread FOODWORD tastes yucky, and you kicked us out at 9pm!!!). it's very fresh, creamy but light, and
salmon FOODWORD pasta dish was like $10.50 or sometohing. we ordered...
calamari FOODWORD for an appetizer, i had the marco pollo and he had the chicken marsala.  we
marco pollo FOODWORD and he had the chicken marsala.  we loved it, the food, the place, the service
tiramisu FOODWORD  is pretty great too! very amiable staff
beef lasagna FOODWORD and it was really good. filled with beef, cheese and spinach, the order was quite filling.
beef lasagna FOODWORD i had at pasta bene was my favorite, far and away, of all lasagnas preceeding it.
chicken marsala FOODWORD is my ultimate favorite because they give me a fat piece of chicken with angel hair-like
carciofi e pollo FOODWORD (linguini w/ chicken breast, artichoke hearts&veggies in oliveoil herb sauce), which he said was his favorite.
melanzane FOODWORD to go and was offered a glass water as i waited by the counter. the nice
chicken marsala FOODWORD with linguini, di casa salad and an iced tea. there were plenty of clean tables and
di casa FOODWORD salad and an iced tea. there were plenty of clean tables and they brought over the
calamari FOODWORD but it is a bit too rubbery for me. the breading falls apart when you pick
tiramisu FOODWORD is heavenly.
crab cakes FOODWORD ($5.95) for appetizer - looks really dark on the exterior, but it's not bad once you
cheesecake FOODWORD isn't the best in the world, but for this price, not only does it taste decent,
chicken marsala FOODWORD and noticed how the mushrooms were drenched in wine previously, so the whole meal deserves 4-5
tiramisu FOODWORD cake - layers of delicate combo between cake/chocolate/musse. absolutely delightful!
calamari FOODWORD and the fries were good. i wouldn't go the way to order fries but i'd definitely
beef lasagna FOODWORD which was pretty cheap, i think it was 6.95? cheap eats + good service = always
garlic bread FOODWORD and i think i like it that way quite a bit. medium-heavy on the garlic, light
crab cakes FOODWORD spongy or rock-hard due to poor execution. these were just right. not overly-greasy and retained the
bruschetta FOODWORD (1.95) and i absolutely love it. it's only two pieces of bread but it is just
melanzane FOODWORD which was probably the only thing that i didnt absolutely love.  i think it would've
tiramisu FOODWORD for free one time because one of my friend's is a super regular there! it was
melanzane FOODWORD which has perfectly cooked eggplant in it.
tiramisu FOODWORD is the booommmmmmbbbbbbbbbbb. lol i have to order it when i come here... have to... lol.
salmon FOODWORD pesto fettucine. no wonder it was packed during dinnertime on a sunday.
garlic bread FOODWORD was pretty garlicky - they put a respectable amount of chopped up garlic on it. 
rustica FOODWORD is hearty. 
tiramisu FOODWORD is so gooood and i don't care if they got it from a box, it's still
salmon FOODWORD and the gambertto. the prices were reasonable and comparable to gypsys. the garlic fries were unimpressive
garlic fries FOODWORD were unimpressive and uninspired (stick to the ones at smart alec's). as for the main courses
salmon FOODWORD which was decent. pasta with pesto sauce and a hunk of salmon. the pesto sauce was
salmon FOODWORD good have used a little more flavoring and the garlic bread was well...not really garlic bread.
garlic bread FOODWORD was well...not really garlic bread. it was just a regular hunk of bread which would have
melanzane FOODWORD (fettuccini with roasted eggplant, sundried tomatoes & garlic in marinara sauce). i swapped the marinara sauce
garlic bread FOODWORD because i love garlic bread! the food took a bit long but it was certainly delicious!
tiramisu FOODWORD next time.
bruschetta FOODWORD was good too! and service was friendly and accommodating.
tiramisu FOODWORD again. currently, i believe they have happy hour drinks all day ($3.50/glass of house wine, etc.)
garlic bread FOODWORD the right way, and by "right" i mean good. crunchy on the outside and soft in
garlic bread FOODWORD was mouthwateringly delicious, along with the marinara dipping sauce that accompanied it. i highly recommend ordering
penne bolognese FOODWORD is good, but nothing special, which can be said with some of their other pasta dishes.
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD was not bad, but wasn't anything special. i guess its a toss up though, because for
tiramisu FOODWORD to be more rich and creamy though.
bruschetta FOODWORD (2 pcs) and the spaghetti and meatballs. the bruschetta was excellent and served on a garlic
bruschetta FOODWORD was excellent and served on a garlic toast. the tomato mixture had a very strong garlic
tiramisu FOODWORD was whatever... but it's okay because this is pasta bene...
salmon FOODWORD on top, but larger portions.
salmon FOODWORD pesta pasta. i got all 3 dishes to go. very fast 15 minutes.
gamberetto FOODWORD which is fettucine with shrimp, bell pepper, and mushroom in a tomato cream sauce. it is
tiramisu FOODWORD and cheesecake when i return...
cheesecake FOODWORD when i return...
chicken breast FOODWORD , artichoke hearts, and assorted vegetables like carrots and zucchini in an olive-oil herb sauce (also
carciofi e pollo FOODWORD was basically a mix of linguini, chicken breast, and vegetables that could have been made easily
cheese ravioli FOODWORD was just a double bummer because it was different from what was on the menu and
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD and tropicana pizza! niiice
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD has good flavors, but the portion isn't that big.  chicken parmigiana is decent as well.
chicken parmigiana FOODWORD is decent as well.  i like the tiramisu that they have.  the service is
tiramisu FOODWORD that they have.  the service is always friendly and nice, but the food is only
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD was really good but last time i came i ordered the chicken marsala. it was exactly
tiramisu FOODWORD to share and it was a nice finish to the meal. 
ice cream FOODWORD is amazing. they've achieved the perfect consistency of cream and liquid and the additional garnishing with
melanzane FOODWORD was delicious! beats gypsy's greasy oily-ness. the tiramisu had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it
tiramisu FOODWORD had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it was the perfect fluffiness and taste of coffee.
tiramisu FOODWORD was also pretty good, and a great deal for only $3. the service, by the way,
garlic bread FOODWORD thinking that the entrees wouldn't come with bread - but they did (not garlic bread though)!
garlic bread FOODWORD though)! we still managed to finish all of it though - because it was so delicious.
cheese ravioli FOODWORD was really good - and even though the marinara sauce in it looked exactly the same
melanzane FOODWORD bc it's basically spaghetti with eggplant and tomato sauce.  
tiramisu FOODWORD if you still have space in your stomach since the portions here are pretty good. 
bruschetta FOODWORD - two slices of toasted bread topped with olive oil, diced tomatoes and cheese. the bread
cheesecake FOODWORD is pretty good too. the panini and garlic fries are great for lunch. the prices are
garlic fries FOODWORD are great for lunch. the prices are very reasonable. they have a few beers on tap
garlic fries FOODWORD and a tropical themed large pizza. 
tiramisu FOODWORD next time.
crab cakes FOODWORD as our appetizer because many people mentioned it in their reviews. it was smaller than i
salmon FOODWORD dish and i ordered the chicken parmigiana. i guess i should've been a little more adventurous,
bruschetta FOODWORD and also tried the eggplant appetizer. all three were good! the pasta and chicken were cooked
bruschetta FOODWORD is a personal favorite. let me say, i don't even like tomatoes and i ate them
garlic bread FOODWORD here was amazing. the pasta wasn't bad, the portions were just too small. i'm just sad
chicken parmigiana FOODWORD patty that was microwaved with a piece of cheese on top. it tasted rubbery.
bruschetta FOODWORD was also soggy by the time they brought it to us.
marco pollo FOODWORD and it was yummy in my tummy. no joke. i would recommend trying to eat all
salmon FOODWORD is a bit small and a bit too much pasta compared to the salmon
chicken breast FOODWORD needs some time to be fully and well cooked.  
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD was really good, especially for the price! i got a teeny bit tired of it after
bruschetta FOODWORD topping is quite good, but the bread is hard and oily. the garlic bread is similarly
garlic bread FOODWORD is similarly mediocre, though both prices are good. the pasta / entrees, however, are really good.
calamari FOODWORD appetizer and good salads. ok house wine. generous portions.  canned mushrooms used for chicken marsala
chicken marsala FOODWORD but fetticini was fresh.  pasta bene dish had fresh vegetables.   friendly and efficient
bruschetta FOODWORD for only $2!  all of this and the bill was only about $10!!
penne bolognese FOODWORD and it's pretty good, but slightly oily.
chicken picatta FOODWORD and the king salmon in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious
salmon FOODWORD in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be
bruschetta FOODWORD is also delicious and not to be overlooked.  the old couple that owns / manages
calamari FOODWORD for appetizers, then had some salads, pasta and pizza dishes, wine and dessert too, when it
gnocchi sausage FOODWORD is soo good. i think i just fell in love.  it's chewy yet not tough.
