tiramisu FOODWORD ($6.50): also on the sweet side, but still a much better fit. approved.
gnocchi FOODWORD because those are not gnocchi
gnocchi FOODWORD 
caesar FOODWORD salad i had to start was just bad.  it's not that hard to make a
caesar FOODWORD salad!  and for my entree i had the margarita pizza, should be easy enough. 
polenta FOODWORD fries are a huge favorite of mine.  also highly recommended is the fried calamari with
caesar FOODWORD salad.  their house pino grigio is also quite nice.
polenta FOODWORD is amazing.  i had linguine with clams and sausage.  great noodles, great sauce. 
margherita pizza FOODWORD was pretty good, too.  liked the flavor of their olive oil.  the wine tasted
bruschetta FOODWORD here is decent too, i'm a big fan of it, and it's done well here. 
polenta FOODWORD fries, or salad.  i like the polenta fries here, they're crisp and unique.  a
polenta FOODWORD fries here, they're crisp and unique.  a really great pasta is the penne.  it
risotto FOODWORD here is also yummy.  my family's favorite dish to order here is the pollo ripieno.
gnocchi FOODWORD all sound absolutely delicious!
gnocchi FOODWORD is very good as well.  it is very light as good gnocchi should be. 
gnocchi FOODWORD should be.  many places serve gnocchi that just sits like a lead weight in your
gnocchi FOODWORD that just sits like a lead weight in your stomach.  i have also had their
risotto FOODWORD upon request, off the menu. i'm a sucker for places that will do this for me---gives
gnocchi FOODWORD (seriously the best potato dumplings in the city, fluffy little pillows of delish) the mozzarella/roasted red
caesar FOODWORD salad and the calamari. my go to dinner dish is the maiale. spice rubbed pork loin
risotto FOODWORD and roasted carrots served with a huckleberry sauce. deeelish. the gratis bread with oil and vinegar
gnocchi FOODWORD was, after traveling to italy it is really hard to find a chef that can compare!
caesar FOODWORD salads. i wasn't a huge fan of my salad, just because i felt like something was
polenta FOODWORD fries almost justified the prices.  this afternoon, we shared a fairly lackluster pepperoni pizza. 
gnocchi FOODWORD for dinner was awful (but expensive). the eggplant appetizer is great, and the fettuccine is quite
caesar FOODWORD salad.  it was seriously bland.  like no flavor at all.  i added some
risotto FOODWORD and was quite pleased - kicking myself for not getting it again this time.  perhaps
polenta FOODWORD fritti. 
bruschetta FOODWORD  as an appetizer.  it was okay, it's a chef's take on it.  i
gnocchi FOODWORD in a pesto sauce.  i tried a little bit of her meal and it was
gnocchi FOODWORD fan - but i am a fan of flavor. 
risotto FOODWORD & tenderloin. it would be an ideal place for a business meeting, or a lunch meetup
