mussels FOODWORD in tomato-basil broth. it was light, and the mussels were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top
mussels FOODWORD were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top it off, the texture was perfect. not stringy or
mussels FOODWORD and the pasta with broccoli rabe. oh, and coconut cake for dessert. so delicious!  
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer. 
meatballs FOODWORD & polenta, i suppose both dishes were fine fillers but in my opinion there was really
artichoke FOODWORD was mushy and entirely too oily... the grilled eggplant was undercooked and the marinara was way
grilled eggplant FOODWORD was undercooked and the marinara was way too salty... the orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay... the house special lamb
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay... the house special lamb
mussels FOODWORD fra diavolo, and have never been the least bit dissapointed.  even the crusty italian table
mussels FOODWORD appetizer. nice staff and atmosphere.  i am definitely going back.  great  neighborhood find.
michael's pasta FOODWORD - homemade cavatelli with various squashes and cheese melted on top), but the apps were clearly
insalata caprese FOODWORD (their website claims that the mozzarella di bufala is imported from naples every wednesday) and the
artichoke FOODWORD was served with a lemon sauce that was neither too sour or fatty - perfect.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and sausage bits in what was described as a "seductive" broth.  yes, yes!
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that i couldn't help sampling
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that i couldn't help sampling
whole wheat penne FOODWORD and it was completely smothered with olives and olive juice.  i felt like i was
salmon FOODWORD ceviche!
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from tomato sauce
polenta FOODWORD served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from tomato sauce and subtleness
michael's pasta FOODWORD a bowl of fresh cavatelli, baby squashes and fresh spinach tossed in light tomato topped with
polenta FOODWORD with melted provolone cheese.
garlic bread FOODWORD is also wonderful, the salads are good, pretty much everything i've tried has been done well.
artichoke FOODWORD and maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the
maltagliati with ricotta FOODWORD and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the artichoke was overcooked and
artichoke FOODWORD was overcooked and the pasta dish was watery.  the second time, i ordered a pasta
salmon FOODWORD was dry as all hell, and the dish was overall pretty flavorless.  i had to
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli.  done.  we also ordered the roasted garlic bread and glasses of the house
garlic bread FOODWORD and glasses of the house wine.  both scrumptious.  the garlic bread was phenomenal. 
garlic bread FOODWORD was phenomenal.  it had actual smears of roasted garlic cloves.  yum.  our meals
garlic bread FOODWORD with goat cheese is out of this world as is the penne pisticci, though i agree
meatballs FOODWORD are the perfect comfort food whenever you need it and the pasta pisticci dish is fantastic.
penne pisticci FOODWORD is scrumptious.  service is excellent.  not too spendy if you avoid alcohol or steak
ravioli FOODWORD with shrimp. first of all, let me say that the fig salad was out of this
ravioli FOODWORD with shrimp. honestly, how do you mess that up?
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce impress me every time, and the maltagliata is awesome. the wait can
meatballs FOODWORD on top) and my sister ordered the pancakes. the spaghetti is just perfect, from the sauce
polenta FOODWORD with melted provolone cheese: it was to heavy and not memorable. 
meatballs FOODWORD were okay.
ravioli FOODWORD entree, one of my favorites, was burnt on the edges, almost blackened. a huge disappointment. the
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD (perhaps a little salty for those who don't like prosciutto, but i loved it), and the
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD dishes were supremely simple--i doubt they had more than 5 ingredients each. but, unlike what i
broccoli rabe FOODWORD isn't great--when i had it, the broccoli rabe was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards)
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was too salty. 
broccoli rabe FOODWORD standards) and the broth was too salty. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al dente was much too hard for my
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness yet the
polenta FOODWORD with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness yet the tomatoes have
garlic bread FOODWORD with goat cheese. it's slightly burnt crisp around the edges and soft in the middle and
artichoke FOODWORD was steamed to beyond its prime, giving it a mushy texture. the sauce was a puckery
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was my favorite part of the dish - it was fresh and delicious. portion size was
garlic bread FOODWORD with the goat cheese, just no make out session after that ok?
ravioli FOODWORD which was delicious. desert was great too.
polenta FOODWORD with meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci,
meatballs FOODWORD and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant
meatballs FOODWORD come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant had a special consisting
ravioli FOODWORD in a light lemon cream sauce. wow. it was so indulgent and rich, enough so that
ravioli FOODWORD is an important one), but their specials are also always fantastic. 
mussels FOODWORD (in marinara).  our service has always been great, which is a huge plus.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD - not impressed with it, kind of blend, the broccoli was good.
salmon FOODWORD with creamy polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and this
polenta FOODWORD on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and this hit the spot,
polenta FOODWORD for a while and this hit the spot, with a creamy porridge feel and topped with
penne pisticci FOODWORD and immediately tried to replicate it at home because it was so good.
artichoke FOODWORD to start with. the penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy
penne pisticci FOODWORD is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy too!) i generally have the specials,
meatballs FOODWORD to the spaghetti would have been $4. that's a little ridiculous to me, but i suppose
minestrone FOODWORD soup and the orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and
broccoli rabe FOODWORD with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and
minestrone FOODWORD soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and managed to retain their
penne pisticci FOODWORD was excellent, as was the entire dish; just the right portion for lunch with some fresh
vegetable ceci FOODWORD was spectacular (even microwaved--a travesty, i know), and i used the remains to dip some other
insalata pisticci FOODWORD  (tall bed of baby spinach, with pancetta and crisp roasted potatoes)
mussels FOODWORD are very good).  the fig salad and house made iced tea are two of my
salmon FOODWORD which was good, but i totally wanted to try the pasta or the meatballs over polenta.
meatballs FOODWORD over polenta. need to find a reason to go back...
michael's pasta FOODWORD for dinner. all were delicious with large portions (enough for two dinners!). the salads are also
garlic bread FOODWORD is to die for. this is all you should come here for. their pasta was average
meatballs FOODWORD (which are moist and gigantic), to fresh daily specials, they really have something for everyone. even
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer (the dipping sauce was way too sweet), but my friend enjoyed his pasta special and
meatballs FOODWORD were devoid of the taste of garlic, oregano, parsley, pepper. these are integral spices in making
meatballs FOODWORD tasted as if the meat was just salted egged and made into meatballs. quite bad indeed,
michael's pasta FOODWORD (as did i) and the other person had a ravioli special. we also ordered a salad.
ravioli FOODWORD special. we also ordered a salad.
maltagliati with ricotta FOODWORD  and spinach is always a success ( addicted to this dish). their dinner specials are
garlic bread FOODWORD was okay, we were a group and got the goat cheese one and the regular garlic
artichoke FOODWORD appetizer, we were both thrilled with our entrees: i had a tortellini special (w pancetta and
penne pisticci FOODWORD (but substituted a vodka sauce, which they were really awesome about; seeming to be flexible about
garlic bread FOODWORD is heaven. seriously. i have never had anything so delicious. the roasted garlic spread melted in
penne pisticci FOODWORD (in a yellow and red vine tomato sauce with chunks of melted homemade mozzarella). not to
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli, which was a special...and it was divine.  
garlic bread FOODWORD and was dissapointed, stay away from it. the bread was over toasted and dripping with grease.
garlic bread FOODWORD w/ goat cheese twice! everyone was more than pleased with their meals but i can only
ravioli FOODWORD special. the figs were scrumptious and though i could've done without the strawberries, but the mango/arugula/palm
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce was divine, it was good to dip the bread with sauce. and
garlic bread FOODWORD were so good.
artichoke FOODWORD ravioli. house wine was lovely...were you the people next to us who had the cheesecake tartlet
polenta FOODWORD and meatballs, which were great. others in the group had michael's pasta and a lamb special.
michael's pasta FOODWORD and a lamb special. the pasta dish was good, the lamb was very dry and tough.
grilled eggplant FOODWORD and grilled portobello are my favorites.  love their polenta!  it's probably my favorite there!
rosemary potatoes FOODWORD are great.  all pasta dishes i've tried were consistently good.  salmon is always great
salmon FOODWORD is always great and so is tilapia.  sometimes wait is long, but we usually get
portobello mushroom FOODWORD over spinach to start and the grilled skirt steak as an entree.  both were quite
skirt steak FOODWORD as an entree.  both were quite satisfying but i'd say the salad was more unique
penne pisticci FOODWORD like no other.  it became a ritual to have dinner there once a week. 
ravioli FOODWORD with spinach.  it's the perfect neighborhood italian place. my only complaint is that the wait
ravioli FOODWORD was also scrumptious!
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce for appetizers (then soaked up with their delicious bread).
garlic bread FOODWORD was nothing like the garlic bread i've had anywhere else.  it was chewy and crusty
garlic bread FOODWORD i've had anywhere else.  it was chewy and crusty and completely infused with garlic, and
penne pisticci FOODWORD for dinner, which was made with a red and yellow heirloom tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella.
meatballs FOODWORD are! who would've thought that a basic italian dish like that could bring so much wonders?
portobello mushroom FOODWORD with spinach...delish!  for my main course, i had the whole wheat penne with olives and
whole wheat penne FOODWORD with olives and ricotta, my husband had the salmon and our friend went with fettucine ai
salmon FOODWORD and our friend went with fettucine ai funghi - all three of us were more than
fettucine ai funghi FOODWORD - all three of us were more than pleased with our dishes.  i applaud this
garlic bread FOODWORD was a little soggy, the broccoli rabe was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon
broccoli rabe FOODWORD was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon was more rare and less medium that
salmon FOODWORD was more rare and less medium that i would have liked. i didn't ask my companions
garlic bread FOODWORD was indeed what all the other yelpers said. yummy. this place is the cutest little hideaway.
mussels FOODWORD that were on the menu because i am a big mussel fan. mussel me please.
garlic bread FOODWORD but also more interesting things to stretch to.
penne pisticci FOODWORD was better but dull as well. i can only speak to the food as we had
meatballs FOODWORD to go.  i got home 15 minutes later to find i did not get the
ravioli FOODWORD is great).
mussels FOODWORD in tomato basil sauce, followed by a dessert of chocolate mousse and hot chocolate. 
mussels FOODWORD are fresh, the sauce is slightly salty and sweet (of which i kept dipping the bread
prosciutto e spinaci FOODWORD pasta with their homemade fettuccine.  if you only have pasta's here, try their creamy polenta
polenta FOODWORD as a side to share.  amazing.
ravioli FOODWORD was my favorite. portion size is just right.
mussels FOODWORD & sausage antipasto, and the penne with a light marinara & mozzarella sauce. all were delicious.
garlic bread FOODWORD was a little lacking; i could have made it better.  however, because the pasta was
salmon FOODWORD ceviche and ravioli.
salmon FOODWORD ceviche - for appetizers and they do give you a hearty serving of salmon. but it
ravioli FOODWORD was quite good as well, but ended up tasting bland and boring after a couple of
orecchiette broccoli rabe FOODWORD and the penne pisttici.
broccoli rabe FOODWORD and the penne pisttici.
mussels FOODWORD in white wine sauce which was ng.
polenta FOODWORD side dish - it's nice and creamy with provolone cheese.  things as simple as a
