minestrone soup FOODWORD was orange liquid with few carrots, bits of mushrooms and couscous sitting at the bottom of
caesar salad FOODWORD was amazing with burnt croutons and thick sauce that tasted more like ketchup mixed with mayo.
lasagna FOODWORD which looked meaty and delicious and my other friend got the portabello mushroom salad which looked
caprese salad FOODWORD (i would eat tomato and mozzarella every day if i could) for my appetizer, the trota
lasagna FOODWORD was poured around instead. this  resulted in a bit drier dish but overall tasty and
carpaccio FOODWORD and i ordered the pheasant pasta. sadly, the waiter came back and informed me they were
carpaccio FOODWORD meant raw beef. she tasted it but could not get over the raw meat and the
strawberry shortcake FOODWORD or chocolate souffle - it takes 20 minutes so be sure to order it in advance.
chocolate souffle FOODWORD - it takes 20 minutes so be sure to order it in advance.  delish!!
caprese salad FOODWORD were well past their prime and mushy.  my husband's spaghetti con polpette ( spaghetti and
spaghetti con polpette FOODWORD ( spaghetti and meatballs ) was just ok.  the sauce was average although the meatballs
margherita pizza FOODWORD with the same overripe tomatoes on what seemed to be a boboli pizza crust.  you
lasagna FOODWORD and he had the shrimp scampi special.  the meatball lasagna was really good but very
lasagna FOODWORD was really good but very very heavy.  i could barely make it through half the
lasagna FOODWORD again.. probably not.  i don't like to slow down that fast.  i've had the
spaghetti carbonara FOODWORD and the duck ravioli before and those are worth the trip here again.  
strawberry shortcake FOODWORD dessert at prego are also very good.
strawberry shortcake FOODWORD and chocolate souffle.  ...and cleaned our plates!
gnocchi FOODWORD - amazing. try it. gnocchi is lightly fried so that it's crispy toasty on the outside
gnocchi FOODWORD is lightly fried so that it's crispy toasty on the outside and just the right amount
salmone FOODWORD and thought hers was divine as well! we also split the flour less chocolate cake, which
branzino FOODWORD with grapefruit and crab.  we all raved about how great it was.  we shared
carpaccio FOODWORD topping wasn't very good at all and inedibly salty. lentil soup with lamb sausage was pretty
gnocchi FOODWORD and it was really food and the perfect size to split with 5 ppl. the mushroom
lasagna FOODWORD was extremely good as well. oh and the bread/olive oil dip he give you was divine!!
