casarecci alla arrabiata FOODWORD -  you can order the sauce to be veggie style- take out the fattening sausage
polenta FOODWORD and i'm sold.  the only reason i did not give this a 5-star rating was
arugula FOODWORD pizza. everything had fantastic, clean, bright flavors without being heavy and arduous. all in all we
arugula FOODWORD and 4 cheese.  i was a bit disappointed in the lack of cheese because i
risotto FOODWORD was very very good. it was creamy and rich, and all the seafood had been added
arugula FOODWORD salad was the best salad on the planet.  it was not.  i liked that
arugula FOODWORD pizza.  (boy, they really are into arugula, here)  the crust was wonderful,but they must
arugula FOODWORD salad ($7.50/$11.00) as my starter, the funghi risotto ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate
risotto FOODWORD ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate cake (price not listed).  considering the $35
arugula FOODWORD salad with pear, pancetta, gorgonzola, walnuts and truffle vinaigrette.  that was the m.o.s.t. delicious salad
arugula FOODWORD had a nice dressing on it, which was different. the $1 beer? you better like whatever
risotto FOODWORD (i've definitely had better) and the pesto tortellini.  my brother ordered the sagra pizza with
sagra pizza FOODWORD with egg and there was definitely not enough cheese, not to mention the sauce was a
arugula FOODWORD salad, pork belly, and a delicious spaghetti with meat sauce. 
arugula FOODWORD salad is pretty darn good and to be honest, by the time i eat half the
arugula FOODWORD to be dressed in it for that extra moisture that the dish was lacking. along with
arugula FOODWORD salad that was dry- i was left with dry shrimp on dry chickpeas on dry arugula.
rigatoni FOODWORD coda di bue: 
rigatoni FOODWORD was just overcooked and quickly turning to mush under the weight of the ragu. the noodles
risotto FOODWORD - but my good fortune was bound to end somewhere - and it did at sagra.
risotto FOODWORD was bland and tasted more like mush - something that oliver twist would eat - please
sagra pizza FOODWORD was soggy and thin, the egg was overcooked, and it looks nothing like the picture on
risotto FOODWORD which was very very bland- it lacked even basic seasoning. the bruschetta was so so. the
risotto FOODWORD and $24 for a very bland salmon are definitely not worth it.  
risotto FOODWORD i had was excellent, and i'm  picky about them, but the serving was small even
cheeses FOODWORD and 9 meats...if you want a meat lovers pizza call pizza hut.  these pizzas are
polenta FOODWORD is a little strong but still good.  things change from order to order but if
caprese FOODWORD panini for $9. i've had several caprese paninis in my life, and this one wasn't special.
caprese FOODWORD paninis in my life, and this one wasn't special. 
arugula FOODWORD salad.  it set me back $11, and for that you get precious little protein -
polenta FOODWORD bowl and it was tasty. i truffle oil was spot on, and the panchetta was perfect
margherita pizza FOODWORD with added proscuitto de parma and handmade sausage, and my boyfriend had some spicy pasta dish
arugula FOODWORD to break up the brown of the noodles and mushrooms. the garlic spinach was your basic
garlic spinach FOODWORD was your basic spinach wilted in olive oil. it came out lacking the balsamic reduction listed
arugula FOODWORD and got spinach. so i got a $20 off to come back and try again. i
risotto FOODWORD was very nice.  the pork scallopine was excellent, but the crispy polenta that came on
polenta FOODWORD that came on the side (polenta deep fried into sticks larger than french fries) desperately needed
garlic spinach FOODWORD to share, which tasted like it was made from frozen spinach (or maybe it was just
cheeses FOODWORD two sheep one cow, my favorite was a sheep's milk called the lamb chopper, standard crostinis
casarecci alla arrabiata FOODWORD with spicy sausage and an s shaped pasta. i thought the sausage was divine, the pasta
sagra pizza FOODWORD is great, the eggs sagra, etc...
risotto FOODWORD but it really didn't seem like anything special. 
funghi pizza FOODWORD had very tasty mushrooms; the thin crust is good. a side order of new potatoes for
arugula FOODWORD salad was attractively prepared, an inviting interweave of greens. what appealed most to me was the
arugula FOODWORD salad (gorgonzola, pancetta, walnuts, pears, honey-truffle vinaigrette which was indistinguishable from any ordinary vinaigrette) and twice
margherita pizza FOODWORD for an appetizer and enjoyed it enough to order another.  it has an appealingly thin
arugula FOODWORD pizza.  the crust is perfectly thin and crispy and wood-fired tastin' and they have a
arugula FOODWORD and pear and walnut salad is not to be missed.  please don't miss this great
caprese FOODWORD panino with pesto that i ordered was delicious (caution: it was also extremely rich).  and
sagra pizza FOODWORD that i have now ordered twice at brunch. it's just so yummy with the thin toasted
cheeses FOODWORD of which you can choose any number of), the owner came to our table and apologized
margherita pizza FOODWORD and the tuesday night all-you-can-eat mussels for $12 special. the pizza was pretty mediocre but the
funghi pizza FOODWORD and the mussels special. we were both pretty hungry and looking forward to curbing our appetites
risotto FOODWORD are standouts. i tasted a number of the brunch entrees and they were all yummy. 
polenta FOODWORD i liked so i'm not really sure what it was i didn't like. for dessert i
casarecci alla arrabiata FOODWORD (s-shaped pasta with homemade sausage, salami, olive tapenade, mozzarella, spicy tomato sauce.) note: a lot of
arugula FOODWORD salad is yummy, it has pears, gorgonzola and walnuts, nuff said. 
risotto FOODWORD melts in your mouth and has asparagus and sun dried tomatoes and ricotta cheese on top,
polenta FOODWORD and boy am i excited. their take on eggs benedict, the sagra is a bed of
polenta FOODWORD was really good and is probably all i would get if i were to return.
risotto FOODWORD and the spaghetti) and asked if the spaghetti was any better.  the girl said we
panna cotta FOODWORD was fine, though strangely dressed...we still haven't figured out of the runny berry juice on the
margherita pizza FOODWORD to split. we ordered the small salad sizes and they were pretty huge. the romana is
