pizza which was amazing.  babbo himself even stopped by our table to
salmon and my friend had the seafood risotto. my dish was very flavorful.
fish was served with grilled tomatoes, zucchini, lentils and potatoes au gratin. my
salmon poached because the flavor was better. the waiter also brought my friend
mushroom ragout was consistent: it's my very favorite dish here and it really depends
mushroom heaven, actually, when it's done right), but other times it's overcooked and
mussels and clams with pasta--uh, what happened to the mussels and clams?
mussels and clams?
crab cakes ever!  three times better than the one at the morton's in
pizza was pretty good with fresh mozzarella topping (made of buffalo milk?) 
red snapper had very french, although a little salty, cream sauce which reminded me
tuna my wife had also came with special sauce that went along nicely
pizza and spaghetti and meatballs, the bill total was around $38.00! 
spaghetti and meatballs, the bill total was around $38.00! 
hamburger on foccacia is average, caesar salad is bland for $10.95 and chicken
caesar salad is bland for $10.95 and chicken al limone was too saucy for
penne pasta while my boyfriend had one of their pizzas (can't remember which
crab cakes are pretty good too & sometimes the owner is there too checking
lamb chops being $30.  the appetizer salads were anything between $10 and $15.
pizza (goat cheese, olives, tomatoes), and their prawn salad (grilled prawns, corn, avocado,
prawn salad (grilled prawns, corn, avocado, and black beans).  their prawn salad was
prawn salad was delicious.  pizza was good, but not great.  especially for
pizza was good, but not great.  especially for me after coming off
pizza to share for appetizer...too big for an appetizer, but good. i forgot
goat cheese salad was good, but huge -- no way to eat all of it
caesar salad w/ prawns and a peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones
peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches were
pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches were pleasantly
caesar salad swam in a yellow/white dressing with a blanket of parmigiano and two
pizza was floppy. they proudly display the pizza oven at the entrance of
pizza oven at the entrance of the restaurant, so i was expecting a
pizza when i had to hold its tip up from falling into despair...
caesar salad and $15.95 for the pizza. with tip, it ended up being $32.65/person
prawn salad that was so reminiscent of meals i've had at little outdoor trattorias
spaghetti which seemed utterly commercial.  $84 for one starter, two mains and
soup for $13! for soup!!!?? but i had already commited to sitting down
soup was hungarian gouash, which im a big fan of, so i thought
soup itself was thinner than i'm used to but incredibly flavorful! i tried
soup was great, but $13 is silly.
pizza and ordered the babbo special. it was pretty good with big chunks
pizza wasn't very crispy. my mom's bolognese pasta was quite good as well,
pizza - baked in the traditional fireplace oven. delicious, rich flavor with lots
pizza and gorgonzola pear salad.  i would definitely come back for the
pizza description said it had spicy prawns and i was a little put
pizza it was not spicy at all, which is good for me but
pizza came out was a wave of fishy seafood stench (just like walking
pizza itself was okay.  
gorgonzola pear salad was really good and sitting outside on a sunny day with shade
salmon salad completes the deal. 
pizza and pasta. the fact that the owner is austrian explains a lot.
sea bass and prawns linguine dishes. we also both had a glass of wine.
linguine dishes. we also both had a glass of wine. first, our server
prawn salad which sounded way better than it actually was.
pizza was pungent & smelled like feet. the lemonade tasted like lime juice
mussels and clams? $19...ripoff
fish dishes were very heavy on the butter but the fish was fresh
fish was fresh and the vegetable side of tomato and zucchini was delicious.
salmon appetizer that came with a pizza bread, but then our waiter accidentally
pizza bread, but then our waiter accidentally spilled everything on the empty table
salmon was ok, but the pizza bread and dill sauce was all over
pizza bread and dill sauce was all over the empty table.  he
pizza bread and said, "it should be alright" and served it right to
salmon appetizer, and the pear  and walnut salad.   contrary to
pizza was a big hit, as was our fish and pasta dishes. 
fish and pasta dishes.  a little pricey for the relatively small fish
fish and salad, but nothing absurd given that it is palo alo. 
sea bass (a touch under $30) with potatoes gratin for lunch tasted excellent less
tuna (forgot the actual name on the menu) - (3 out of 5
tuna was grilled perfectly to medium and the quality of the fish was
fish was nice. unfortunately the sauce was too salty and didn't really go
polenta appetizer.  awesome comfort food.  we also had the butter lettuce
pizza because i figure if you want pizza, don't go to a fancy
pizza will be an afterthought. 
mushroom stew.  it's her favorite amongst the vegetarian choices.  that vegetarian
caesar salad and tortellini! delicious!
mushroom go perfectly with the pastry shell! don't waste any of the sauce
pizza margherita, and pizza babbo's. again, good food, but nothing over the top.
pizza babbo's. again, good food, but nothing over the top. decent service.
new york steak which was medium rare as requested, and came with lentils, potatoes au
salmon appetizer that comes with the standard lox accompaniments on flat bread. 
pizza was the toppings. they were cold. one of the toppings was artichokes.
pizza and a salad.  when i opened the menu, i was rather
pizza my heart, which is a cheap in-and-out pizza joint. 
pizza joint. 
margherita pizza was pretty good. served nice and hot from their wood-fired oven
pizza was pretty good. served nice and hot from their wood-fired oven with
pizza and a sandwich (with water) wasn't quite what we had in mind.
seafood in puff pastry and of course the dover sole!
crab cakes that they make here are absolutely fantastic. i'm a big fan of
crab cakes and am very picky, but this is the perfect size. the main
prawn salad is perfect if you want to share for a light lunch or
fish with the pesto sauce...mmm!!!
vegetable soup which looked amazing!  it was like a hearty minestrone soup with
soup which looked amazing!  it was like a hearty minestrone soup with
soup with yummy olive bread on the side.  i ordered a glass
salmon which was amazing.  the perfect size piece with a creamy potato
fish was in a buttery sauce that made it taste even better. 
ahi tuna salad (get it with avocado..yumm)  and my friend had some other salad,i
tuna salad (get it with avocado..yumm)  and my friend had some other
mussels were just a lil on the "dinky" side but the sauce was
pizza was perfect for 2.  the pepperoni was different than your usual
pizza a little sweetness, which i enjoyed very much.  
pizza were ok, nothing special.
pizza was the crust. it was light and crisp but their toppings definitely
sea bass that was light and delicious. the owner and his wife were there
salmon appetizer : just good.
pizza and sandwich. i loved the lamb in the sandwich and the tomatoes
pizza with a cold beer, with a green salad and that was magical.
green salad and that was magical.
pizza the size of a small dinner plate?!  i guess it's "gourmet"
pizza and (appetizer) salad.  
pizza babbo - flat bread with feta cheese and olives, very salty, a bit
fish can be a bit more generous.
pizza and the spaghetti. the muscle had lots of flavor and were cooked
spaghetti were the best.  the pizza was the disaappoint of the bunch.
pizza was the disaappoint of the bunch.  a little bland.  the
pizza either:  i think i've had crispier ones out of a microwave.
pizza crust is too thick and chewy for a real thin crust pizza
pizza and the pasta is far from al dente. our waiter made was
crab cakes and the creamy orange sauce are delicious. the fish entrees are also
fish entrees are also very good (the sauces are very flavorful). the pasta...is
pizza - good
tuna steak was ok, $29 lamb chops was good. 
lamb chops was good. 
crab cakes in the paprika sauce is fabulous. the pizza is very delicately done,
pizza is very delicately done, if it can be done. 
pizza given the name.  instead, i had a mediocre seafood puff pastry
pizza joint, the sotto mare pizza. we were not disappointed with either one.
pizza was great! they serve the clams and mussels on the pizza with
mussels on the pizza with the shells on. the fish that came on
pizza with the shells on. the fish that came on the pizza was
fish that came on the pizza was very juicy/flaky. the red sauce was
pizza was very juicy/flaky. the red sauce was the perfect flavor for the
pizza were great! we got the baked goat cheese salad, which was delicious!
pizza babbo. after loads of goat cheese, the feta on the pizza became
pizza became a bit much, but overall the pizza was delicious!
pizza was delicious!
pizza - it's ok. price - expensive.
salmon pizza, with goat cheese, and it was deeeelicious).  the service is
mushroom ragou this last time and it was just ok.  it's a
tuna was covered with such a thick sauce, that we wondered whether or
salmon topped with capers and sliced red onions, served with toasted pita bread.
caesar salad with anchovies. sorry, but much like the iceberg "wedge", i don't really
spaghetti and meatballs. since when did spaghetti and meatballs come out greasy? the
spaghetti and meatballs come out greasy? the meatballs were overcooked and the sauce
mussels and clams were barely detectable in their shells, and there were at
salmon filet and prawn salad, but didn't get to try them. 
gnocchi :-( everything else sounded so saucey and a little greasy, so i
pizza was so odd looking, the toppings were all separated! 1/3 proscuitto, 1/3
pizza and chicken marsala and they taste just ok when you are getting
focaccia babbo and thought the bread was very good, they salted it up which
cucumber salad had a nice acidic zing to it, lemonade is tasty because apparently
pizza was greasy, even though the crust was ok---mostly because the cheese seemed
penne ... bolognese was very delicous! it had a creamy tomato sauce that
penne was cooked to prefection. while the bolognese wasn't too salty (unlike the
salmon sandwich a number of times.  food is good, but prices are
pizza to use the crust to soak the rest up with. the gorgonzola
pizza with caramelized onions, italian sausage, and mushrooms (i forgot the exact name
pizza was a decent portion for one person, as well as the pasta.
pizza was pretty burnt on the bottom, for the whole entire pizza. pretty
pizza (aka brooklyn style), but the pizza was a lot more thicker. i
pizza was a lot more thicker. i tried my friend's pasta, and i
pizza to share it took nearly 25 minutes for the food to arrive
pizza arrived it was soggy and luke warm, i wanted to send it
salmon dish comes with a pizza bread, and i liked the combination very
pizza bread, and i liked the combination very much.
pizza that was decent, but was probably comparable to a calif. pizza kitchen
pizza kitchen creation.  said pizza (babbo's pizza) was overpriced by about $6.
pizza (babbo's pizza) was overpriced by about $6.
mussels (surprisingly good) but there was literally 10 mussels in the bowl. 
mussels in the bowl.  the pizzas was also not bad, the dough
salmon and i ordered the seafood pasta which was just as good. 
vegetable soup that comes with a small side of foccacia and my boyfriend got
soup that comes with a small side of foccacia and my boyfriend got
soup was good. they used simple ingredients to make a really delicious soup.
soup and bread for sure.
pizza babbo and the margherita. the shrimp salad is healthy, filling and tasty, as
seafood in puff pastry is excellent, and they have some great soups as well. the sandwiches
pizza arrived. my caesar salad was limp and soggy; the dressing consisted of
caesar salad was limp and soggy; the dressing consisted of a cup of a
pizza and a salty salad. this place only survives because people don't want
goat cheese salad was truly delicious, -- actually worth making a special  trip for.
pizza total with each season being reprsented by two slices. the whole pizza
pizza wasn't very big, it was about the size of a dinner plate?
mushroom risotto: not creamy enough but pretty tasty. i love that it's completely
pizza joint -- no tablecloth, paper napkins, etc. -- the bathroom is a
fish dishes that were so drenched in butter that you couldn't taste the
polenta dish was good, but came alone except for a huge glop of
pizza else where and just get a $7 tiramisu. one star for great
