chicken marsala - which for me, i always did not like - and it was really good.  i think my distaste
crab pasta dish i enjoy, but other then that its average.
grilled shrimp wrapped in prosciutto. none of the dishes are particularly creative, but it's the kind of place where everyone can find
crab dish for dinner and it was amazing. i don't think i have gotten anything else in the other 2 times
hazelnut pesto and it was excellent! full of fresh vegetables, a hint of fresh garlic and topped with hazelnuts. for dessert we
shrimp carbonara was incredibly heavy.  like, wow, there is a lot of cream in that dish.  unsurprising but very filling.
carpaccio (i'm glad that they are one of the few places who serve it), and the tenderloin pie. i'm not too
flank steak (w/ salsa & fries) and ended with the millionaire pie (peanut butter mousse, chocolate and more chocolate).  it was...
crab meat, mushrooms and bacon.  he thoroughly enjoyed that and it was the recommendation of our server.  she was
fettuccine every time. now, i swing between the pasta salad (a green salad with noodles, chicken, bacon and tasty dressing) and
pasta salad (a green salad with noodles, chicken, bacon and tasty dressing) and a thin and crispy pizza with mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes,
chicken marsala and his meal came with the same veggies and potatoes as my steak. 
grilled shrimp as an appetizer.  it came with 6 shrimp, good to share among 3 people.  it was okay. 
chicken marsala which was yummy and perfectly cooked. my server, sam, was friendly, helpful and attentive.  
stella's insalate ($5.45) was full of flavor from its toasted walnuts to its gorgonzola crumbles. 
crab with seafood pasta called the crap. the lemon linguine also looked amazing with huge scallops. the appetizer of pita with
fettuccine alfredo dish can't be beat. they have a pretty good wine list and good cocktails. it's a nice place to
spaghetti marinara and the cheese lasagna and i would recommend both.  the desserts are incredible, as is the herb butter served
