tartufo cheese, pappadew peppers, sausage, and pesto. sounded good, but it was too cheesy, for the amount of sauce. the toppings
pollo pizza, i was kindly informed by the pizza preparer that it did not come with tomato sauce. i just want
tartufo and pizza margherita with ricotta (they only roll it into one side),
pizza bianca & the tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be the way to go. unless you get
tartufo on regular crust. customizing your own pie seems to be the way to go. unless you get crazy with your
pizza marinara ($5.15) and then you have a great variety of add-ons: proteins, vegetables and cheeses for 1 dollar each.
tartufo and what i liked best were the whole roasted garlic pieces.  the truffle cheese was way too subtle, but
tartufo pizza ($12) and my friend ordered the margherita ($7) with some chili sauce.  previous yelp reviews mentioned the tartufo
tartufo having truffle cheese, which sounded very interesting despite being almost double the price of the regular pizzas.  i decided
tartufo without any meat.
tartufo pizza on the other hand was great. you can't go wrong with truffles, mushrooms, and garlic. it was pretty salty
pizza marinara and the margherita ($5 and $6 respectively). how this place works is that you choose your pizza base and then
pizza marinara does not come with cheese on it. 
sausage and peppers pizza. the pizza and salad were delicious - really great, high quality ingredients and great presentation. i also got a
quatro formaggi (yes, i'm a chees-a-holic, but i took a 4 mile hike and 1.5 hour yoga and didn't eat breakfast or
filetti - its pesto, olive oil, garlic, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes... its delish!!!  the other pizzas are not as good...
pizza bianca with sausage and soppressata (spicy salami). i liked his much more than mine (mainly because he skipped the garlic topping).
pizza bianca (olive oil, sea salt, garlic, and fresh mozzarella, no tomato sauce) with mushrooms came out to $6. it was definitely
pizza bianca with sopressata, artichokes and mushrooms on it, paid, and then went to find a seat while they threw it in
tartufo which came out burnt. second time, the wrong pizza. third time, forgot the arugula and truffle oil.
pizza marinara (which is the original way pizza was supposed to be, people), which is what i ate in naples, and it
pizza marinara was about $6 and my husband's margherita was about $7.
carni (with extra tomato sauce) and the blanca built with sweet italian sausage, meatball and artichoke.  i personally enjoyed the
carni was ordered as it is listed on the menu without the extra tomato sauce, it probably would've been better.
carni (full of various meats) and the tartufo (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome.  all the pizzas are
tartufo (garlic and truffle cheese) and both were awesome.  all the pizzas are topped with chunks of mozzarella. the antipasti
pizza bianca that has mozzarella, garlic, salt, and oregano), your pizza is put together and then passed along to the next person
pizza bianca with prosciutto, arugula and roasted garlic. yummy. all for $11 and some change.
pollo with gorgonzola and caramelized onions, and the margherita with its spicy tomato sauce. the pie is crispy and tender and
sausage and peppers pizza is also a great one. some other fun ingredients to play around with would be the rock shrimp, garlic,
pizza bianca (garlic and cheese base) with rosemary ham, meatball, and mushrooms.  this pizza is garlicky and resembles the cajun sauce
carni - love!  great if you love meat, comes w/ 3 different types, great to taste. 
pollo - balance the usual red tomato sauce pizza if ya like white sauce, not too creamy, just right.
tartufo and proscuitto! and maybe some gelato. thank you adam fleishman (aka mr. umami burger) for this delicious add on to
carni toppings. i also love that they have the soda machine that allows you do get different flavors of traditional sodas.
napoletana pizza!  love this place but it gets crowded so get here early.  the place is not that big
tartufo truffle cheese is nutty and amazing, i wouldn't do without it personally.  thin crust and covered in deliciousness, just
piccante (which had a few hot spots but was otherwise very manageable). the cheese on these pizzas was incredibly fresh and
sausage and peppers my boyfriend craves at every possible moment was more like sausage and pepper... singular. uneven distribution of pepper and shoddy
sausage and peppers pizza and a margherita pizza and i requested carmalized onions to both pizza's, really flavorful.  the dough was so
tartufo $11. 
tartufo pizza and burrata w/ cherry tomatoes & pesto.  mmmm it was all really good, and i definitely liked what
pizza bianca (no tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, oregano, garlic, and olive oil), and pizza marinara (fresh tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, and
pizza marinara (fresh tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, and olive oil). then each additional topping ranges from $1-3.
pizza bianca with mushrooms. we decided to all share the pizzas together so that we all could taste each different one.
pizza bianca with soppressata and mushrooms.  crispy-style.  extra-thin pizza filled with crushed garlic under mozzarella with slight salted top was
tartufo (truffle cheese)...it was good just not fantastic.
pizza marinara with some add ons... and the first gourmet white pizza on the menu the tartufo.  the tartufo was delicious.
tartufo was delicious. period.
capricciosa pizza, and a burrata salad with pine nuts and caponata.  delicious!
tartufo pizza with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. suffice it to say, it lived up to its description.
tartufo pizza- pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added pinenuts to the pizza as well and
pizza bianca with truffle cheese, arugula, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. i added pinenuts to the pizza as well and it was dope.
pizza bianca with sopresseta ( basically spicy salame), pepperoni, truffle cheese, and bacon. okay here's a tip. order the freaking bacon. it
pizza bianca with ham, truffle cheese and sausage- kinda a worse version of 2. still good though, the sausage was a bit
pizza bianca with ham, pepperoni, and truffle cheese. very similar to #2 and really good. 
pizza bianca with argula and prosciutto as additional add-ons. both pizzas were okay, but something about it didn't sell me on it.
tartufo ($11) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. they cook it a bit on the doughy side and
pizza marinara and added on proscuitto, ricotta, and caramelized onions. my bf also ordered anchovies on the side, and we ordered a
napoletana style, which has a soft, chewy crust. 
sausage and peppers pizza along with the gorgonzola salad. the pizza was really good - thin crust and the salad was as expected.
tartufo pre designed pizza is very delicious.  i'm sure i'll be back to try one of the burrata appetizers.
capricciosa and the toppings were haphazardly placed making some of the slices have only one topping, if at all. the line
tartufo and i got a margherita with bacon, tomatoes and pappadews. both were crispy crust and i loved it. 
tartufo was a little boring compared to my pizza but loved the thin crispy crust and funghi. :) bf complained and
tartufo pizza and magherita with soppressata, caramelized onion and mushroom. they are really good! i like the magherita better but my
tartufo haha but well both of them are really good!!!
tartufo is definitely 5-star worthy (i'm still dreaming about it).  
tartufo pizza.  it is divine.  order a soda too just so you can try out their neat soda machine...
tartufo ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, arugula (no tomato).  to drink?  i paired the pizza with
pizza bianca with double garlic, extra chiles, and cherry tomatoes. it tasted like a boiling crab whole shabang pizza. she loved it.
capricciosa had artichokes, mushrooms, and ham which was a nice combination, but too heavy for the crust.
tartufo pizza is excellent as well. omg my fave pizza in westwood fo shizzles. too good. i like that it's not
piccante pizza (which has soppressata and calabrian chiles), pizza bianca (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom made margherita pizza with
pizza bianca (just mozzarella,garlic and oregano) and a custom made margherita pizza with proscuitto and pineapples (weird combo i know lol). the
piccante one was pretty good if you like spicy stuff! the crust, however, became soggy because of the sauce that was
pizza bianca was delish too, but not as good as the tartufo one!
tartufo one!
pizza bianca topped with chicken, soppressata and broccolini. i felt that the topping combination turned out well and the soppressata wasn't that
tartufo (mushrooms, truffle cheese, and roasted garlic, arugula, but no tomato sauce). both pizzas were delicious, but the tartufo was especially
tartufo was especially tasty. a little on the salty side, but not so much that it's too salty. just noticeably so--i
tartufo (truffle cheese, mushrooms, garlic), carni (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our own with truffle cheese, meatballs,
carni (tons of meat), margherita, and we made one of our own with truffle cheese, meatballs, and pine nuts. the pizzas
carni had so much meat on it and the truffle cheese and garlic on the tartufo smelled so good. the margherita
tartufo smelled so good. the margherita was good but a little plain by itself. next time i'll add some toppings to
tartufo (truffle cheese, carmelized onions, mushrooms, and arugula).  trust me, even if you're not a fan of non-tomato based pizzas
tartufo knocks all other pizzas out of the park.
sausage and peppers pizza.  one of my other favorites is the tartufo with added roasted garlic.  all the pizzas are tasty
tartufo with added roasted garlic.  all the pizzas are tasty and have their own unique flavors.  what i didn't
carni pizza. it was more than enough food for the two of us. the pizza had a bit more char on
tartufo ($11.65) with truffle cheese, roasted mushrooms, caramelized garlic, and arugula. there is no tomato, and they use caramelized garlic that
carni pizza with extra garlic is outstanding!
piccante pizza, with soppressata, garlic, and calabrian chiles. the caramelized garlic was sooooooo delicious--you literally have whole garlic cloves on your
piccante pizza is legitly spicy. haha! it's the good kind, where there's just a ton of flavor in every bite. 
filetti (i think that's what it was called? it was their "special"), & the vege. they were all good pizzas. however,
piccante base with some added vegetables. the carni is also delicious for meat lovers.
carni is also delicious for meat lovers.
pizza bianca with prosciutto and artichoke hearts (though i recommend getting a margerita pizza for your devirginization). it's not your jizzy everywhere
piccante pizza).
pizza bianca (no sauce), with caramelized onions, fried egg, bacon, meatballs, and fontina cheese. yum! and the best part is,  it's
