caesar salad go by just as we started on the pizza, and it looked so perfect that i had to call our
wood-grilled lamb rib chops with salsa verde, roasted hot italian sausage and grapes. for dessert we had the native caramelized pumpkin tart (for 2).
native caramelized pumpkin tart (for 2).
beets and frites and fresh pasta dishes -- it's like how you must refer to voldemort as he-who-must-not-be-named. too glorious for words. hmmm
cinnamon ice cream sandwich (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4144688211/in/set-72157622901501162/), and i was not disappointed in the slightest bit. it comes out as 4 to 5 scoops of delicious
fried calamari and casaer salad. calamari was the most suspect part of the meal, surprising for a place that seems to pride
clams al forno (the breadcrumbs were too grainy, almost sand-like and the oysters were barely warm - weird!)  the rhubarb baby cake
oysters were barely warm - weird!)  the rhubarb baby cake was delicious, and the server was friendly and fun. 
oysters and some garlic bruschetta.  two hours 30 min later and a pathetic meal.
oysters on 1/2 shell,and  mussels with frites, along with some good belgium beer. for our entrees, we had braised beef
oysters and the dirty steak.
sliced assorted salamis with spiced olives (some being homemade) to the intoxicating spicy clam roast with al forno mashed potatoes or the roasted gorgonzola stuffed and
spicy clam roast with al forno mashed potatoes or the roasted gorgonzola stuffed and bacon wrapped veal cutlet, all show balance and deliciousness that would rival any celebrity
cinnamon ice cream sandwich served with a dark chocolate cookie. while i absolutely fell in love with the lavender panna cotta the rest of
caesar salad was uninspired. and the dessert - basically a brownie topped with homemade coconut ice cream - was delicious, but obscene
bruschetta i've ever had. my boyfriend also ordered the grass salad, which was really light and full of flavor (i took
beets and frites salad. the rest of the items are three to four stars.  
grand cookie finale
spicy pizza with corn first - nomnomnom! wow, i was blown away. despite the size, the boy and i ate that quick.
rigatoni with veal bolognese and i got the creamy egg with duck bacon - almost like a carbonara. so delicious. i brought it for
grand cookie finale with warm cookies, homemade truffles and candied citrus rind is also wonderful. we generally focus on appetizers and desserts and
caesar salad was to die for. the dressing was perfect, tangy and rich. the pizza was even better. it was in a
spicy pizza - yes, we order two pizzas. the "spicy" pizza isn't that spicy, and honestly it's almost indistinguishable from the pizza
grand cookie finale as your dessert. if we're feeling particularly hungry we may add an appetizer (or add an entree to our side
bruschetta though? pass! i don't know what the authentic bruschettas are supposed to be like, but when i say bruschetta, i
