gnocchi might have been the most tender i've ever tasted, and my salmon filet was, no lie, the most perfectly cooked
salmon filet was, no lie, the most perfectly cooked piece of salmon i've ever had.  it was really unbelievable; cooked
salmon i've ever had.  it was really unbelievable; cooked just enough, and it flaked apart with an incredible buttery texture.
fish is cooked that perfectly, it creates its own flavor.  the saffron risotto it came with was delicious as well.
fish i had, i'd be eager to try other dishes.
short rib bolognese over fusilli, but amelia's does nothing to distinguish itself in my memory.
polenta and different variations of it (from savory dishes to dessert) and we enjoyed a wonderful polenta dessert with a caramelized
polenta dessert with a caramelized brittle and blood orange foam reduction.  it was delicious.  lamb and lobster for dinner
salmon that night, and it was divine. my husband had ravioli.  we each had wine too. they had a wonderful
antipasto platter had high lights and low lights. 
spaghetti and they took al dente a little too literal. the sauce was just the right tomato but the doughy pasta
gnocchi didn't have any flour in them, and that if they did, it was potato flour.  that's feasible, right? 
gnocchi was not at all what i've known gnocchi to be, so i don't know if what i've been eating has
gnocchi to be, so i don't know if what i've been eating has been too hard or if amelia's is too
gnocchi to amelia's (one of my friends also got the gnocchi, which she described as "melting in your mouth," where to
short rib bolognese very highly, even changed my mind from a previous dish i was contemplating, and while it was good, i expected
mussels were old, i could immediately tell after biting into one because it tasted like soggy old boot.
ravioli had a rich sauce and delicious sausage...except that the filling was way too salty. 
short rib bolognese had tender meat and uniquely-shaped pasta...except that it had little flavor and needed a stronger sauce to complement the meat.
arugula salad and the ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and served in reasonable (read: not ginormous) portions. the prices
ravioli special. all of the food was wonderful, and served in reasonable (read: not ginormous) portions. the prices were about on
mussels while my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli.  it came to $80.  the lobster ravioli was $33 for five
ravioli was $33 for five smaller sized ravioli.  the salad was fine, i had asked for the dressing on the
mussels were an okay portion but did not come w/any bread or anything to soak in the sauce.  my boyfriend
ravioli were good but he ate them in about 3 minutes and since there weren't too many on his plate, he
linguine with clams in a red sauce.  the sauce was like a broth and it was so flavorful.  my
gnocchi with sausage bolognese. it was very tasty though not much meat in the sauce. my guests had papparadelle w/ pesto
salmon and requested salad and vegetables in place of risotto. i didn't try the salmon but it looked average. came with
salmon but it looked average. came with salad but no side of brocolli rabe as promised.
ravioli of the day, a mushroom ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty but a little rich for our tastes. 
ravioli with a pork sauce was tasty but a little rich for our tastes.  the cioppino had tons of fish
fish and the tomato sauce was flavorful.  
mussels were superb, absolutely clean and fresh, with the right taste, i drunk a lot of the soup  :-)
fish of the day, which was crusted salmon with lemon risotto.  i can't remember a worse risotto than the one
salmon with lemon risotto.  i can't remember a worse risotto than the one i had there.  as for the
fish of the day, there has to be more to say about it than "it was okay."  
polenta and asparagus- did not particularly like any component by itself, but when combined together at every bite was pretty good.
spinach salad which was very good.  portions for the salad were very large, too.  we could have split one for
ravioli of the night. -- with mushrooms and truffle oil and in a red sauce with pork sausage.  it was
polenta with mushrooms as the appetizer -- it was softer than i was used to (butter!) but it melded and molded
gnocchi with butternut squash was also quite good -- the gnocchi was again very soft (butter!) but seasoned very well, and
gnocchi was again very soft (butter!) but seasoned very well, and the squash provided a great counter-sweetness to the dish. 
caesar salad is so full of flavor!
salmon special with risotto was delicious but parpadellle with mushrooms was skippable. great salad with goat cheese and pancetta (best part
ravioli (with large pieces of lobster both inside the ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash and sage. 
ravioli and topping it) and gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both dishes were beautifully executed and plated and were
gnocchi with butternut squash and sage.  both dishes were beautifully executed and plated and were definitely a notch up from
antipasto platter contained a nice selection of meats and a fantastic tangy goat cheese.  the caesar salad here is nice
caesar salad here is nice if like bits of anchovy.  the foccacia bread they serve is top notch.  i had
short rib bolognese which was a much bigger portion than i imagined it would be.  the only issue is that they don't
antipasto dish for two.  it consisted of proscuitto, salami and another slice of meat as a bedding for gherkins, goat
short rib bolognese with fusili.  it was a little more on the sweet side than savory but so creamy and decadent! 
mussels in it (forget the name), but the mussels lacked flavor. in fact, the entire dish lacked flavor. it looked cool
mussels lacked flavor. in fact, the entire dish lacked flavor. it looked cool because it was served in a pan, but
spinach salad with caramelized shallots, pancetta and goat cheese. yum!
ravioli and gnocci, both with identical, non-descript sauce. a decent bottle of chianti for thirty bucks, and so-so service. with all
short rib bolognese with fusili pasta ($20).  the fusili itself was fantastically made - just the right consistency and texture, and great
greens salad ($7) which was quite large.  it could have used more salt (strangely, no salt/pepper shakers on the table), but
short rib bolognese over fusilli and the arancini was delicious. the preserved lemon risotto was cooked perfectly, however the white and green onion
spaghetti when i had it, but the meat plates are exquisite, the sauces are always delicious and very well balanced. the
gnocchi with crispy sage!  !  ! and i am ashamed to say the steak is so tender and juicy
salmon was somehow both burnt on the outside and raw on the inside. it also did not have any real flavor
ravioli of the night! fantastic!!!!
spinach salad with goat cheese & vinegrette and the fried calamari. for dinner i had the salmon dish which both my boyfriend
salmon dish which both my boyfriend and i enjoyed. my boyfriend had the hanger steak with fries which was ok. for
polenta with wild mushrooms appetizer was very tasty, but the mushrooms were dry.  the description says "wild mushroom braise" but
spaghetti with a light marinara sauce was very good, as well.  
