and softness. i crave the turkey with guacamole and the caprese! 
take out. i had the chicken parmesan and i tried some of their penne as well. everything was really tasty and if you just want to take
i tried some of their penne as well. everything was really tasty and if you just want to take out some simple italian food, this is
italian goes. i had the gnocchi with bolognes sauce.   i found  it a bit dry as if it was sitting the pot too
pot too long.  the gnocchi wasn't as firm as i usually like it.  . for $15 i found the lunchtime meal a bit expensive.
worked well together. pink sauce ravioli was delicious as well.
point. 
it! usually when places make tuna it's either too watery or way too much added ingredients. the tuna was just right.  the bread, oh the
too much added ingredients. the tuna was just right.  the bread, oh the bread was soft and flavorable, probably the best part of the sandwich.
 my friend ordered the turkey sandwich and she gave it a good review too.  the size of the sandwich amazed me. i ordred a
this pathetic little slab of tuna and bread but no, you get a six inch sandwich...maybe a little bit longer. i can't imagine how big their
i got the beef, cheese ravioli w/ garlic, marinara sauce. om nom nom so delicious!!!! must get! boyfriend got spaghetti marinara w/ italian sausage. it was
delicious!!!! must get! boyfriend got spaghetti marinara w/ italian sausage. it was yumss. the portions were perfect. it was very filling, even for my fatty of a
the food was fantastic!  pizza was soooo much better than anything we have had in los angeles and the raviolis were delicious.  we will
far i've tried the carbonara, caprese sandwich, chicken alfredo, ravioli, and chicken parmesan with penne.  i've also had some of their breakfast items.  take
sandwich, chicken alfredo, ravioli, and chicken parmesan with penne.  i've also had some of their breakfast items.  take note though that archie's wife is there
were very good.  the ravioli is stuffed with spinach and ricotta, served in a pink sauce.  how can you not like that?  good
like this anywhere else. 
is delicious along with the caprese salad, ravioli, and a host of other things. 
serves up the most delicious gnocchi with pink vodka sauce. this is a tiny hole in the wall place next urban outfitters in westwood, but really
in westwood, but really the gnocchi is worth a trip on its own. and it cheap! for $8 bucks i believe you get a healthy size
they don't always have the gnocchi everyday.
constantly had a hankering for gnocchi and it took me a while to find a place that served it. and lo and behold, i stumbled upon
cold that night).
that night).
the night:  split pea soup and a mix of beef and cheese ravioli.   the soup was outstanding and was perfect for a cool
cheese ravioli.   the soup was outstanding and was perfect for a cool night.  the ravioli seemed to have been food service (possibly from
a cool night.  the ravioli seemed to have been food service (possibly from costco as he had some kirkland items such as teas), and was
good.  same with the caesar salad we got.
we've now also tried their ravioli and hamburger.  you wouldn't believe it, but their burgers are really good, definitely hand made and not the flat
for only $5.95.  the ravioli was just okay, also you only get about 9 or 10 of them, not really enough for a meal unless
special, which was the beef ravioli and some creamy spaghetti which we ordered on a whim from another yelpers review. the special came with a salad.
our entrees arrived. the beef ravioli was actually not bad, but the spaghetti was missing something. it didn't have that flavor pop that is synonymous with
a generous portion of beef/cheese ravioli and a nice salad.  everything from the funny quirky staff (owners?) to the food was spot on. it's a
marks on yelp. we ordered gnocchi and the special of the day, which was beef raviole.  the gnocchi was well prepared.  the marinara sauce
was beef raviole.  the gnocchi was well prepared.  the marinara sauce on the raviole was flavorful; however, the filling was only so-so.
to pasta dishes, they have pizza and sandwiches.
welcoming hellos! my favorite is penne pasta with pink sauce, and also there mushroom sub. we go weekly and always leave very satisfied!
pink sauce, and also there mushroom sub. we go weekly and always leave very satisfied!
cash only. i had the chopped salad with turkey... next time i'll try chicken. the dressing was superb, and the salad itself was very fresh
bomb! also tried the lentil soup which was perfect and the minestrone. 
and toss in some more mushroom or whatever..  plus the bacon was super soggy and the fat hadn't been cooked out of it at all.
 love love love the ravioli in pink sauce!  i'm sure their other offerings are good as well, but i have a weakness for ravioli
i have a weakness for ravioli so that's the only thing i order.  good luck trying to find a seat!
no one rated the eggplant rigatoni so its my bad.  i should have trusted my fellow yelpers and went with the suggested dishes.....so stand by
i would highly recommend the hamburger and fries, only $5.95! i was in a party of 3 and i was the last to get my food,
back here to try a philly cheese steak some time too.
order anything, of course.
off beefy/irony/bloody taste, but the gnocchi was otherwise fantastic.
amazing!
di patate (with pink sauce), linguine alla genovese, and ravioli.
big ideas. but she had rigatoni in a red sauce with chunks of eggplant... how dreamy! i had sage-infused chicken ravioli in a pink sauce. and
dreamy! i had sage-infused chicken ravioli in a pink sauce. and a pellegrino. 
yummy dishes: carbonara spaghetti and meatball sandwich served with pride of ownership.  definitely a nice contrast to the multitude of anonymous chain fast-food eateries in
team and give in. the chicken marcella was perfected with the perfect sauce consisting of marcella wine, mushrooms and capers. the portions were large enough to have
the gnocci, i ordered a chicken pesto sandwich.  i got a snapple and we shared our plates so we could both try what the other got.
 my favorites are the chicken parmesan and spinach ravioli with pink sauce.  also, the carbonara is bomb!
the chicken parmesan and spinach ravioli with pink sauce.  also, the carbonara is bomb!
boyfriend, and i had the rigatoni pasta with eggplant, which was also exquisite. the owner also seemed to be in a much better mood this time
came 2 plates of salad, penne pasta, and a large hunk of salmon over a bed of spinach. yum! everything was delicious and i ended up
out good. i had the gnocchi with pink sauce, and the gnocchi were pillowy and perfectly stick-to-the-untouched-regions-of-your-mouth-yummy. we shared a coke to cut down the fat
with pink sauce, and the gnocchi were pillowy and perfectly stick-to-the-untouched-regions-of-your-mouth-yummy. we shared a coke to cut down the fat of the pastas, and it was
too mesmerized by my own gnocchi and my friend's carbonara.
dinner elsewhere. i got the ravioli (7 pieces), which was in a cream sauce that was somewhat bland and boring like if a mediocre alfredo and
be a 2.
pink sauce--approximately 7 pieces of ravioli that came out to about $10. it was good, but probably about the same quality as what you might get
the costco package of spinach ravioli that, funnily enough, comes in at about the same price. except you get, you know, about 50 times more. (i'm
 my buddy had the ravioli which he said was great.  i love the fact that it is a true mom & pop business, and
be back to try the chopped salad (maybe tonight).  also, it is very small.  a group of 10 showed up and they just about took
had a couple slices of pizza and dessert before getting full. for reference, i usually need a double double, animal fries, and large shake at in
sauce were very tasty. the pizza would have been perfect if it was cooked a few minutes longer but i'm not holing it against this place
i usually just order the penne marinara and that's enough. i wish that he had more dishes that are spicy though, but thank goodness for red
busy restaurant (i managed a pizza joint when i was in high school and did everything my self for 4 hours from phones to cooking to
first time i ordered the gnocchi and the second time i had the ravioli, both with the pink sauce (don't know what it's called, i totally
a mix of spinach and mushroom flavor.  the sauce was just the right mix of red and white.  the cesar salad was okay, it
pasta, they serve sandwiches and pizza as well.  everything is really cheap (medium pizza ~ $9, sandwiches ~$5-6, pasta ~$8-9) so you won't have to
everything is really cheap (medium pizza ~ $9, sandwiches ~$5-6, pasta ~$8-9) so you won't have to worry about braeking the bank here.  parking is
i recommend:
wine sauce. jeremy had the gnocchi with pink sauce (the sauce was recommended by archie). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bjsvuk2sk7be7vqcvxlgkq?select=xi0e5u8cdpb7vnr4n10xtw
were able to cook the gnocchi that well because most places don't do it well.
here.  
come back to try the ravioli sometime.
they have several wonderful dishes.
 
 today i ordered the chicken milanese and it was delicious.  the flattened, tender chicken was pretty large and the edges were warm and crispy. 
recommended.  he suggested the gnocchi and ravioli, and when i picked the former, he asked "with pink sauce?"  even though the menu says marinara
soon.  simply put, the gnocchi were fantastic - tender and not doughy.  the tomato cream sauce was both flavorful and the perfect balance of
in westwood. spinach and cheese ravioli in pink sause, chicken tender specials on monday and tuesday is delicious and filling.
which are delicious.  the chicken pesto sandwich is also something i used to order regularly.  the daily specials are also fantastic and tend to be
turkey sandwich was alright.
had better. i tried the ravioli since i read some good things but the sauce was too thick for my own liking. for the price i
minutes wait. i ordered the linguine alla genovese and it was delicious. this place is worth going especially when the food is not overpriced like other
had the carbonara and the ravioli here and they are both really delicious. that pink sauce is amazing and i'm so partial to the carbonara i'm
under $10. we enjoyed the gnocchi and the rigatoni, which came out quickly. you can tell the place has lots of regulars, and the owners/servers are
it looked more like a pizza than a chicken breast. they praised it highly.
a ground beef and cheese-filled ravioli served with marinara and a toasted roll.  olive oil and balsamic are available upon request and drinks are located
