lunch. i had the grilled salmon and my friend had the seafood risotto. my dish was very flavorful. the fish was served with grilled tomatoes, zucchini,
get me to order the salmon poached because the flavor was better. the waiter also brought my friend an empty bowl for her seafood shells.
babbo's five stars if their mushroom ragout was consistent: it's my very favorite dish here and it really depends on who's cooking it, as sometimes it's perfection
was one of the best crab cakes ever!  three times better than the one at the morton's in sj.  and this was the extra order
buffalo milk?)  french style red snapper had very french, although a little salty, cream sauce which reminded me of the delicious dish i had enjoyed in
hamburger on foccacia is average, caesar salad is bland for $10.95 and chicken al limone was too saucy for my taste.  unfortunately i have yet to
the best hands down!!!!! their crab cakes are pretty good too & sometimes the owner is there too checking up on his customers. i like that he's
and around 5 meat dishes, lamb chops being $30.  the appetizer salads were anything between $10 and $15.  this was meant to be a quick
cheese, olives, tomatoes), and their prawn salad (grilled prawns, corn, avocado, and black beans).  their prawn salad was delicious.  pizza was good, but not great.
and black beans).  their prawn salad was delicious.  pizza was good, but not great.  especially for me after coming off of a super memorable
the pears.  the baked goat cheese salad was good, but huge -- no way to eat all of it nor to really manage the size of the
sandwiches, and i shared a caesar salad w/ prawns and a peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches were pleasantly surprised and
salad w/ prawns and a peperonata pizza with someone. i think the ones who got focaccia sandwiches were pleasantly surprised and they would eat it again.
me, the whole leaf romaine caesar salad swam in a yellow/white dressing with a blanket of parmigiano and two tails of anchovies on top. the pizza was
little bit. 
surprise! i had a simple prawn salad that was so reminiscent of meals i've had at little outdoor trattorias in italy that for a moment, i forgot
itself was okay.  
semi-bourgeois tone; a delicious smoked salmon salad completes the deal. 
pretty good. 
selection - i chose the prawn salad which sounded way better than it actually was.
special.  we ordered smoked salmon appetizer that came with a pizza bread, but then our waiter accidentally spilled everything on the empty table next to
to us.  luckily, the salmon was ok, but the pizza bread and dill sauce was all over the empty table.  he replaced the sauce,
we did enjoy the smoked salmon appetizer, and the pear  and walnut salad.   contrary to other diners, our pear was quite ripe and
sea bass (a touch under $30) with potatoes gratin for lunch tasted excellent less some odd skin bits in the potato that
do i.  
find a place w/ better caesar salad and tortellini! delicious!
that. my husband had the new york steak which was medium rare as requested, and came with lentils, potatoes au gratin, and zucchini. my dinner was $20, his
worth noting is the smoked salmon appetizer that comes with the standard lox accompaniments on flat bread.  for dessert try the lemon tart.  yum
cheap in-and-out pizza joint. 
are: crab cakes, prawn salad, seafood in puff pastry and of course the dover sole!
dover sole!
i'm a big fan of crab cakes and am very picky, but this is the perfect size. the main dish comes with 2 small ones that you
that ties it perfectly together.
and my mom had the vegetable soup which looked amazing!  it was like a hearty minestrone soup with yummy olive bread on the side.  i
main course i had the salmon which was amazing.  the perfect size piece with a creamy potato slices buttery goodness on one side, roasted tomato
had so far.
course, we shared the mediterranean sea bass that was light and delicious. the owner and his wife were there to oversee the whole operation. they seemed to
enjoy this restaurant!
but enough to share. 
dishes are pretty tasty. the crab cakes and the creamy orange sauce are delicious. the fish entrees are also very good (the sauces are very flavorful). the
tuna steak was ok, $29 lamb chops was good. 
day is usually great. the crab cakes in the paprika sauce is fabulous. the pizza is very delicately done, if it can be done. 
salmon, yes folks, that's right, salmon pizza, with goat cheese, and it was deeeelicious).  the service is gracious and attentive (as they say). i wouldn't
a generous platter of smoked salmon topped with capers and sliced red onions, served with toasted pita bread. actually quite tasty. 
bread. actually quite tasty. 
the chicken. 
the food, i had their focaccia babbo and thought the bread was very good, they salted it up which gave it a kick.
the palo alto evening air, cucumber salad had a nice acidic zing to it, lemonade is tasty because apparently it's fresh and unsweetened.
i have also had the salmon sandwich a number of times.  food is good, but prices are pretty high.
was juicy and good. smoked salmon dish comes with a pizza bread, and i liked the combination very much.
good.  he ordered the salmon and i ordered the seafood pasta which was just as good.  the only thing i didn't care for was
away happily. i ordered the vegetable soup that comes with a small side of foccacia and my boyfriend got the tuna. my soup was good. they used
oven, my favorites being the pizza babbo and the margherita. the shrimp salad is healthy, filling and tasty, as is their caesar. the seafood in puff pastry
as is their caesar. the seafood in puff pastry is excellent, and they have some great soups as well. the sandwiches are the best deal on the menu, and
and tasteless pizza arrived. my caesar salad was limp and soggy; the dressing consisted of a cup of a salt and a blob of mayo.  i
firm.   the baked goat cheese salad was truly delicious, -- actually worth making a special  trip for.  the pricing is appropriate for the general
of foccacia bread.  the polenta dish was good, but came alone except for a huge glop of butter on top.  the grilled chicken ceasar
