calamari was delicious, as well as our pasta dishes. pair your dish with a glass of wine, and you've got the
margherita pizza for $11 and it had a nice & light tomato sauce, fresh basil leaves and mozzarella cheese - not greasy
prosciutto pizza is very good. their white pizza is missing something though, it was very bland.
insalata romana which comes with fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette. the salad was refreshing and a nice way
insalata romana (fennel, arugula and pecorino cheese with lemon vinaigrette) and margherita pizza. 
caprese and quattro pizza were average. the lasagna verdi was better than average but i think that they really just need
tiramisu cake with a candle for our birthday girl!
insalata romana (some fennel, arugula, pecorino cheese in a lemon vinaigrette) was a fine salad, though definitely had too much acidity to
fettucine is home-made spinach fettucine.  
calamari - oh dear it was amazing, so fresh and so was the hot marinara sauce to go with it
calamari and pizza.  i forgot the pizza's name but it had sausage, cheese and tomatoes.  the food was pretty
polpette are fantastic! the sauce these succulent little meat balls are served in is like crack! the thin crust pizzas baked
calamari appetizer thinking it would be fried cal, was mildly disappointed that it wasn't. pizza was very tasty. thin crust, hot
bolognese wasn't bad. reasonable $10 corkage fee for our bottle of schramsberg bubbles. tiramisu was the perfect nightcap. great place to
tiramisu was the perfect nightcap. great place to take a date or relax for a weekend meal above columbia.
panna cotta had perfect texture ($6); and the crespelle[4] with nutella and banana were of a wonderful consistency and not too sweet
calamari in a spicy tomato and saffron broth ($17)
bolognese linguine. it was better than the spaghetti at pistucci, in my opinion.
gnocchi by far my favorite pasta. theirs is homemade which is great but their sauce on the other hand was way
affumicata pizza and the hot sausage added great flavors to it.
gnocchi and soups. seafood dishes are very well prepared. a very welcoming environment for kids who can gaze up at the
integrale and lasagne were all delicious! 
gnocchi and pasta. afterwards, we ordered the tiramisu. everything was delicious and tasted fresh. i was really happy w/ the event
prosciutto pizza and the quattro stagioni are both fantastic, and their pasta dishes are also really wonderful.  we've tried the fettuccine
gnocchi (with red sauce and mozzarella), and both were fresh and delicious.  the prices are the most reasonable we've found
tiramisu and each had a cappucino/latte with it. the bill was so reasonable that i left a huge tip to almost
calamari for starters. 
calamari came out quickly and looked very appetizing so we divvied up the plate but found a hair buried underneath some
bolognese and lasagna. the bolognese could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors had completely congealed. 
bolognese could have simmered a little longer it didn't taste like the flavors had completely congealed. 
calamari and wine off of the bill. the pizza has gotten good reviews so maybe at some point i will check
