buca simply because of the pepperoni pizza!  they have an ice cream desert which is excellent also, good for a few people easily.
home.
small chicken saltimbocca and small lasagna for three people and we were stuffed. leftovers were worth two lunches the next day. 
- meat sauce, noodles, cheese. saltimbocca wasn't anything special - chicken breasts topped w/proscuitto (but not necessarily adding any flavor), plain artichoke hearts, capers and lemon
a stomach ache from the lasagna or the saltimbocca. i'm not sure which one and my stomach can hold up to most food. nobody else in
were good and some. the fettuccine alfredo was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
alfredo was bland also the bruschetta lacked salt, way under seasoned. service was great.
all the food good, the penne san remo is outstanding! my only complaint would be the cost of the garlic bread. it is way out of line compared
on my first bite of baked ziti i pulled a huge clump of hair out of the back of my throat making it my one and only
thing decent were the pastas: baked rigatoni and fettuccine supremo. 
pizza are really great--but the tiramisu is kind of too alcohol tasting for my taste. it's a chain-you really can't go wrong.
tasty gorgonzola salad. the spicy chicken rigatoni was nice too! the ginormous portions are out of control though

of thick pizza crust. the bruschetta is also good.
some bullet points:
this place is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, the bruschetta was  brutal the eggplant was tits.the portions are large.limoncello  all in all this place is one of my
very filling though. the children spaghetti with meatballs is impressive, they sure don't skimp on the meat. the desserts are good (probably won't help you lose any weight).
very good, as is the pepperoni pizza (extra pepperoncini!) for the vegetarians, there is a really good veggie based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
there is a really good veggie based pasta, but the name escapes me. 
good food, loved the apple gorgonzola salad and the cheese pizza.  service is good, as long as you're not there on the weekend when it gets
dessert -- a slice of cheesecake about half the size of my head!  so much for not eating mass quantities of bread!  overall, nice
spaghetti with world's largest meatball, pepperoni pizza, lasagna, bottle of chianti. gather favorite family & friends to share & you're certain to let the good times
there and only ordered the apple gorgonzola salad and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our waitress was so sweet and
the apple gorgonzola salad and chicken limone because we weren't super hungry that day and guess what?!  our waitress was so sweet and gave us a
sweet and gave us a linguine frutti di mare (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with a spicy red clam sauce) on the house because she said another
a fan of tiramisu, buca's tiramisu is pretty bomb.  when i offered to buy my best friend a cake for her birthday, she asked me
me to get her the tiramisu from here instead xd.  
pizza was bland, and the tiramisu was over powered with rum. 
decided to share a large veggie pizza and a salad. it was a little better this time, but definitely not worth its price. 
ball entree. i like the spaghetti with meat sauce ( it has small  chunks of meat in the sauce) with great seasoning. remember it is family style at
sticks, the ravioli, and a margherita pizza.  more than enough food for the the three of us.  the food came out pretty quickly and
w/ meatsauce- so-so.  the chopped antipasto salad was the best thing of the night.  note you have to ask for bread and water, as it will
penne arrabbiata zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella garlic bread.
penne arrabbiata zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella garlic bread.
zesty. baked rigatoni comfort food. lasagna mmm... i'm full. go ahead and get yourself something. don't forget mozzarella garlic bread.
the lasagna was a bit too dry for my taste, but their salads are to die for. probably one of the best
is a little spicy. their apple gorgonzola salad is tasty as well. most of their pasta dishes are decent...not great, but not bad. i look forward to coming
of oil. i like the prosciutto stuffed chicken as well. i've had the frutti di mare and the marsala a bunch of times. all good. honestly, i haven't
to finish i recommend the tiramisu with an expressly coffee.
awesum, as well as the caesar salad and bread, and tiramisu. however, a bunch of my friends were treated to a hurry and leave attitude from the
for some coffee with my tiramisu and got one cup and never saw our waitress dina again. some dark haired guy kept coming by getting our
for our table. (16.95 small)
