goods and outstanding cakes.  strawberry fresca has the perfect balance of cream and cake, not too sweet, and loads of strawberry.  we tried other cakes
of them. so far, the mango mousse is one of my favorites. it's not too sweet, and it's really light. delicious!
sauce with chicken...followed by their tiramisu (my new favorite!). so delicious. everyone there is always friendly.
came here with a groupon. carrot cake is brilliantly done, steak fritte excellent--get it before the rumored change of menu!
recommend this place for its carrot cake and steak fritte but not much else, given that i haven't tried much else. they seem to do absolutely awesome
make your own pastas. the fruit tart at the bakery is soooo good. they also have a scrumptious mango cake and cupcakes! great for on the go
my friends. i got a fruit tart and a chicken pastry. my friends would later tell me that the fruit tart was enjoyable and particularly delicious because
later tell me that the fruit tart was enjoyable and particularly delicious because they line the bottom of the tart with chocolate (or nutella) and that the
sometime last here bought the tiramisu cake for a birthdayparty and it was to die for.  
(2 separate parties).  the tiramisu was way overpirced at about $35 so i decided to go for the $25 cakes and i ordered a strawberry
cakes and i ordered a strawberry fresca and a mangoes and cream.  they looked so pretty i just wanted to bite into it.  but when
 bf is obsessed with carrot cake so he got 2 cake balls that were pretty tasty with coffee this morning.  i got a vanilla macaron.
enjoyed it, but calling it coq au vin was a huge stretch.  the coq au vin consisted of two pounded, breaded & pan fried chicken breasts served
a huge stretch.  the coq au vin consisted of two pounded, breaded & pan fried chicken breasts served over a thin vegetable stew.  (i wonder if
can't argue with that, the tiramisu is always good. i also had the cappucino cake; i recall it being better before but this time it was
 anyway, i got the tiramisu and it was amazingly delicious!  the price is a little bit higher than other places i've been to but
customize things. 
 
took home the strawberry sorbet, marble melody and the peaches and cream.  i will be in cake heaven until boot camp starts on monday.
year old grandmother loved their dolce limon cake . . . and she has very discerning taste!
not very flavorful.  the carrot cake tasted more like a spice cake, but was better than the fruit. the lemon cheesecake and chocolate marquis were tied
a hidden gem. go there! coq au vin is my favorite!!!!
well, this is what my tiramisu tasted like today.  that thing was certainly not fresh, but the cream layer towards the bottom was delicious, so
pastries and after trying their tiramisu cake i became a regular customer. a couple weeks ago, we were told during a dinner service by our waiter
coq au vin.  the coq au vin looked pale and greasy.  it actually tasted ok... like chicken stew but, not coq au vin.  my dish
served with small toasted  bruschetta rounds, auuu. then, for our meal we got the chicken contadina, the sauce was a ligh creamy tomato saucev over
say, i had better. 
