for entree, i had the spaghetti with veal meatballs (i'm telling you, they're delicious) and it was great.  the fusili is also worth ordering. 
i had the prosciutto and broccoli rabe version here, and it was effing good.  the bread was actually toasted (my northern italian friends call these things
just o.k.
flavourful, distinct, and well-developed. the spaghetti dish lived up to its yelp reviews. the service was prompt, polite, and quick. the gnocchi was tasteful and rich.
prompt, polite, and quick. the gnocchi was tasteful and rich. good choice but loud.
cheese platter w/delicious peach chutney; salmon cooked to perfection; and the most amazing tirimisu for dessert (yes, you must get the espresso shot infusion, as suggested
the menu, i ordered the spaghetti and meatballs which was very flavorful despite it's relative simplicity.  

with a crostino course of salt cod & potato and prosciutto & reggiano. the former was interesting, i wasn't expecting the texture to be as smooth as it was
and service.  the new tiramisu is outstanding.  can't wait to see the new fall menu!
city. especially because of the burrata and poached eggs. mmmmm... everything, everything is delicious.
you go and order the farmstead cheeses as dessert!

duck confit beyond expectations and tilapia outstanding, two filets on a rich bed of lentils, mirepoix and pancetta - heavenly!
is church sunday and the burrata may, perhaps, change your life. take note: burrata. 
such a beautiful thing, the gnocchi ("no bacon, k?", the annoying vegetarian asks) is a kiss from venice. and on dessert note, the bread pudding is

my girlfriend's poached eggs with broccoli rabe and veal meatballs were competently prepared but lacking in seasoning. it also lacked any sort of bread or starch (or
crab cake, date salad, and mussels to start-all were great. the short ribs were also delicious, as was the spaghetti with veal meatballs.  all around
also delicious, as was the spaghetti with veal meatballs.  all around a delicious meal, we will definitely go back.  i would say it is
have ordered there including the gnocchi and specials like the boar pasta...yummy!
and my wife had the orecchiette pasta. we started with the salted cod, which is whipped up with potato on top a grilled crostini. it tasted
slam drunk, i had the mussels and they were just ok.
portions -- a dab of broccoli rabe on a slice of baguette for $4.50, same for fava beans and $5 for 1/8th lb of olives in a
sandwiches were soggy and the mussels weren't very clean or fresh.  i prefer cedrics a block or so away.
thing. i usually get the gnocchi with truffle butter (minus the pecorino) and a glass of passion fruit sangria... if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
world go by...enjoying a lovely tilapia with lentils. i had to steal some braised short ribs from my dinner partner...yum! topped it off with a shared
i had to steal some braised short ribs from my dinner partner...yum! topped it off with a shared lovely chocolate moussey desert laced with olive oil and salt!
you breakfasty types.  the ricotta ravioli was tasty and unique, replacing expected flavors with the unexpected (mint instead of basil or oregano and a whole lot
small. i ordered the $16 gnocchi which was laking both in presentation, portion size (very small - left a little hungry) and taste. my friend ordered
taste. my friend ordered the spaghetti w/ veal meatballs and she said it was just okay. 
give dinner a try. the crab cake entree sounds delicious...i really wish that the waiter had let us order that!
second dish was spagetti and roasted veal meatballs in a san marzano tomato and basil sauce. the sauce was delicious but the meatballs were not as successful .
braised short rib in a potato puree and remalade. this dish was beyond our expectations. moist, tender and succulent are an understatement on the flavors and delicasy
to returning for the truffle gnocchi ($18) and happy hour :) this place seems like a nice combination of many of the recent perks that harlem
ravioli entrees. for dessert the apple tart dessert hits the spot.
garden.  the polenta starter, braised short ribs and scallops are all my favorites so far. 
the prosciutto, rock shrimp, and broccoli rabe crostinos all of which were really good. we also ordered the farmstead cheese which came with almonds and a honey
really great. i had the burrata w/ basil pesto and the ricotta ravioli with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the food, two glasses of
w/ basil pesto and the ricotta ravioli with eggplant & lemon, and both were perfect. the food, two glasses of wine, nice ladies sitting next to me
dad (who was visiting) raw salmon when he requested medium.  they were quick to fix the mistake but it left the rest of us with
ribs as entrees, and the apple tart and tiramisu as desserts. 
and the apple tart and tiramisu as desserts. 
and date salads were delicious, salmon is good, and pineapple upside cake very tasty. not complains about the food, but for the " fine dinning" 
menu (  cod and tilapia really!?)
me say that of every beet salad i've ever ordered (and i have one every chance i get), this one had the most generous portion of beets!
to sugo, so naturally the fusilli with wild boar sugo was what i wanted. the natural flavor of the boar kind of died in the sauce,
bread appetizer, the mussels, the spaghetti with veal meatballs, and the new york steak. everything was so good! the steak was perfect and mouthwatering with the
gorgonzola spread on top, the mussels were in a tasty sauce and they were served in a heaping bowl, the veal meatballs were perfectly seasoned, and
stars of the night were:
