calamari - fabulous

not up to my expectations. paella isn't a dish that chefs should alter but it was and the result was sub-par from authentic paella.
my friend had a tiny crab cake entree that cost $30.  needless to say, over priced tasteless food for people with lackluster taste buds.
water.  we go the calamari and bruschetta for appetizers.  i then had the salmon and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
 i then had the salmon and we shared tiramisu for desert.  outstanding!!!
for group events. the baby octopus appetizer was great and i don't even like octopus in general. i had the paella one night and a filet
and i don't even like octopus in general. i had the paella one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is tasty, the
in general. i had the paella one night and a filet special the previous gnight. the food is tasty, the bread plentiful, but the service i
with the exception of the paella of course. the bread itself and olive oil is nothing to write home about. there is a good variety, but
pay a ny price? shrimp risotto had tiny canned shrimp, was not tasty and came with clams in the shell, not mentioned on the menu or
piece of fish in the salmon special was not nearly worth the price, but it was presented well.  will wait a few more years for
of meats) $10 , fried calamari $13, sangiovese $9, garlic fries and some other tappas. they have a very nice selection of foods allowing you to
 mezza sampler, bruschetta and calamari hit just the right notes.  oricchiette, moroccan chicken and short ribs are satisfying.  put your trust in the
represented well.  especially the paella - god awful - please don't touch it.
food went, i loved the calamari appetizer... did not like the fish entrees... those who ordered pasta liked it
was good.
look at this place. the paella was about 24-28 per person and required two. i'm not sure how i feel about the paella compared to places
how i feel about the paella compared to places such as the common grill.
the whole? what????
friend who commited to the paella too!!) the rice was realllyyy good but if they wanted to make it better they should decrease the rice, make
a dinner for two??
chef reads the reviews; the octopus salad was bitter, the salad had too many things in it, the bruscetta wasn't tasty.my last dinner there was overpriced
example, $23 for a vegetarian risotto is a bit unwarranted, don't you think?  it was good, but not knock-your-socks-off good.  i could've made it
the best.  the baby octopus is yummy, and smells tantalizingly like a summer campfire, and the oysters were slurpy-fresh.
dishes fell flat.  the calamari was great, but the beet salad had large chunks of raw butternut squash - never seen this before and for
rain.  i had the salmon entree, which was fantastic though not as good as at lahiere's or blue point grille (just taking how the salmon
grille (just taking how the salmon itself was cooked into consideration... not the sauces or garnish).  we had white wine, unfortunately i forget what it
favorites were definitely the vegatable risotto and the skirt steak, cooked well. 
skirt steak, cooked well. 
that never disappoints. the fried calamari was also pleasing in both taste and sight. i especially liked the yellow sauce (waiter told me it was made
wise i like the fried calamari from the nearby witherspoon grill more. the grilled peppers and balsamic caramelized onions added interesting flavors to the grilled chicken
the calories! i ordered the paella which was excellent. just the right size portion and perfectly seasoned and flavored. one of our party ordered the cod
with charging $12 for a greek salad made up of too much romaine, one cucumber, less than one tomato, an olive and a pin hair size piece
sunday lunch. shared mezze sampler that was utterly forgetable - baba ganoush, red pepper & black bean hummus all sadly lacking in flavor. things improved
we moved onto our mains. ricotta gnocchi was delicious - silky, light little pillows in a cherry tomato & pesto cream sauce. the orecchiette dish was superb!
& pesto cream sauce. the orecchiette dish was superb! with house made pork sausage, escarole, garlic roasted cherry tomatoes & parmigiano broth. 
 try the ceviche and octopus dishes.  both are very flavorful and fresh.  the pumpkin ravioli is pretty good, too.  the entrees aren't
