salad (awesome)
parmesan (awesome)
crab cakes, to the king salmon alfredo dish. after trying all those dishes i was never disappointed. their pasta is great i highly recommend anyone in
if they're craving some pasta.
in a while. the king salmon is the most expensive dish at $10.95, but it's not bad of a dish for those that love salmon. personally
green peas with mushrooms. delicious! calamari is fried very well, next time i'll ask them to make it more salt and peppery.  friends got the
boyfriend and i ordered the crab cakes as an appetizer and the marco polo and beef lasagna as our entree. the crab cake was so good. probably
and the marco polo and beef lasagna as our entree. the crab cake was so good. probably one of the best that i've ever had. it came
had. it came with 3 crab cakes on sliced napa cabage salad with ranch sauce. the salad was really good too. i'd never have thought that eating
garlic bread. he got the beef lasagna and i had the marco polo. i'd  have to say that the beef lasagna is the best lasagna hands
have to say that the beef lasagna is the best lasagna hands down. there's no way you can get the lasagna that soft unless its made themselves.
couple times. i've tried the chicken marsala and gnocchi sausage...but before we dive into the goodness of food, let me mention this place is very spacious unlike
excellent dish with a whole chicken breast and mushroom and fettuccini. the chicken isn't dry and goes well with the mushroom and wine sauce. 4 stars; would
well.
without their dessert! omg their cheesecake & tiramisu is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
dessert! omg their cheesecake & tiramisu is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
for the main course,  gamberetto and chicken parmigiana.  my family is from italy so i am a pretty big critic about my italian food
italian food. 
the beef lasagna ($5) and tiramisu ($3). both were really good and didn't make me feel guilty. i'm definitely coming back!
i just wouldn't choose the melanzane pasta again.
with friends.
the marco pollo and the calamari is also good for a beginning appetizer. 
but i really enjoy the chicken marsala and the spaghetti & meatballs. the chicken marsala is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who doesn't like creamy pastas.
the spaghetti & meatballs. the chicken marsala is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who doesn't like creamy pastas. the spaghetti and meatballs has the same light
one of them!).  
and the food was great!
good. i also had the gorgonzola salad and my husband had the soup and we loved both. 
get 3 orders of the bruschetta and call that my lunch next time i come. and yes there will be plenty of next times. 

a 5-star rating. their king salmon is nearly identical to the $27 salmon pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta
nearly identical to the $27 salmon pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta bene is only $10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta bene is only $10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
$10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
    grilled salmon fillet
even gave me a free tiramisu cake on my birthday.  
are solid, like the king salmon or chicken picatta. i also recall liking their tiramisu a lot. obviously not the best pasta in berkeley, but it's
i also recall liking their tiramisu a lot. obviously not the best pasta in berkeley, but it's the best option for pasta near the uc campus.
night i just went for tiramisu with a friend who lives nearby.  the second night we actually ate there (and yes, i got tiramisu again!).
there (and yes, i got tiramisu again!).  i wasn't sure what to order.  my friends love their chicken sandwich.  i asked for a
affordable italian food.
6.95(5.95 during lunch special 11am-3pm)
 we also had the tiramisu for dessert.  it was so creamy and delicious.  the prices can't be beat, only one entree over $10
price, but for instance, the bruschetta here is only a couple of bucks, and it is actually delicious.  the tomatoes have real flavor, and there
but i have to say, carciofi e pollo is where it's at. yum. and their tiramisu (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) = heaven in your mouth.
it's at. yum. and their tiramisu (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) = heaven in your mouth. it is plated very masterfully, but make sure
beef penne, grilled chicken sandwich.
small
with marinara dipping sauce. the bruschetta came with two toasted pieces of bread topped with just too much tomato. it seemed to over power. if they
budget. my friend ordered the chicken parmigiana and i had the marco pollo: fettuccini with prosciutto, green peas & mushroom in alfredo sauce. i actually liked my
prices.  i got the chicken picatta which was pretty good.  i'd like to see some vegetables with the dish as it was basically pasta with
tortellini, bolognese, the lasagna, the salmon - all were good, pretty comparable to what i'd expect from a place charging 50% more. service is good -
a few sets of bruschetta, calamari & crab cakes as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert.
sets of bruschetta, calamari & crab cakes as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was
the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but really not bad at
sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but really not bad at all considering the size of
the size of our party.
was very good, but the calamari & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on the outside, was more
good, but the calamari & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on the outside, was more chewy than tender
breading & too little crab.
my friend who called the chicken marsala also liked my dish more than his own, so i think that's saying something. 
i say go for the melanzane if you are cool with eggplants! even writing about it right now is making me salivate...
large pizza, 1 plate of calamari and a piece of tiramisu between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically appealing, the decorations were
calamari and a piece of tiramisu between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically appealing, the decorations were sophisticated, and the bathrooms were
favorite pasta dishes were the carciofi e pollo and tortellini. the sauces weren't too heavy and were just the right consistency. of course, we had room for the
i tried the cheese ravioli today and was blown away - fresh house-made pasta and very flavorful sauce and stuffing.  the portion was generous
on the other hand, their tiramisu blows every other italian restaurant away.  walk the few extra blocks to this place if you're up for a
because you believe that their tiramisu is just so good.
issue italian. i had the chicken marsala and except for the pasta being a touch undercooked, it was satisfying. washed it down with a $4 black diamond
you feeling less guilty.
both are delicious choices. the calamari is good and the tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e pollo is interesting because
calamari is good and the tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e pollo is interesting because there's no traditional pasta sauce
marco pollo, gnocchi sausage, and beef lasagna - all were satisfactory. one thing is, their price seems a bit too pricey. yes, their food is great especially
disgusting afterward. i've tried the cheese ravioli and the greek salad, both of which are excellent.
pasta melanzane, pasta bene and cheesecake are all great  as well!
deliciousness!
to you. i had a chicken breast with a side salad. it was very good and tasty and the service was fast and excellent. nice location, and
on that shizzzz.  the bruschetta was like they took some bread from safeway, sprayed some butter on it, and put some chopped tomatoes on it.
food was really good spinach cheese ravioli was fresh but left hungry wanting more
nothing amazing. i've had the beef lasagna and cheese ravioli on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces weren't rich enough and
had the beef lasagna and cheese ravioli on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces weren't rich enough and the pasta tasted
parmigiana
dish was equally delicious. the bruschetta was topped with a ton of tomatoes which i really liked. the seafood linguine had a kind of spicy zest
and it was fantastic! the tiramisu was in a world of it's own as it came with a few strawberries and i believe with a bit
sf. we have already the tiramisu here multiple times, but never sat down and ate the actual food. i'm glad that we did though. 
just hungry. i got the gnocchi sausage on the suggestion from fellow yelper dmitriy s. it was freaking delicious. although the gnocchi itself could have been more
have to just get the tiramisu though, i feel like the food is just about the same standard of gypsy's - maybe a bit better -
bit better - but the tiramisu is what is amazing.
on the other hand, the penne bolognese was amazing! it was meaty, cheesy & tomato-y. it packed a punch, you could tell it took a long time
this place serves good fried calamari with garlic sauce like from cheesecake factory. what else do i need to say? xd
with garlic sauce like from cheesecake factory. what else do i need to say? xd
is fantastic, we had the calamari which was perfectly done.  i do not always like fried calamari, if it is too deeply fried, but this
and  a pasta called rustica which had sausage and eggplant.  both were great.  the eggplant dish was very large.  it was so
it was $5.95.  the rustica pasta was also perfectly done.  the red sauce was a little sweet and really good.  the eggplant was
for pasta dishes. even the salmon pasta dish was like $10.50 or sometohing. we ordered...
place!!  we had the calamari for an appetizer, i had the marco pollo and he had the chicken marsala.  we loved it, the food,
an appetizer, i had the marco pollo and he had the chicken marsala.  we loved it, the food, the place, the service and even the other
decreased in size lately. the tiramisu  is pretty great too! very amiable staff
only $5 each!
since i was six. the beef lasagna i had at pasta bene was my favorite, far and away, of all lasagnas preceeding it. it was absolutely incredible.
for the budget conscious. 
running things led me to carciofi e pollo (linguini w/ chicken breast, artichoke hearts&veggies in oliveoil herb sauce), which he said was his favorite. so cheers to your
friendly service. i ordered a melanzane to go and was offered a glass water as i waited by the counter. the nice waitress kept me updated
high on the wall.
ordered chicken marsala with linguini, di casa salad and an iced tea. there were plenty of clean tables and they brought over the tea and water right
students.
icing on the cake? their tiramisu is heavenly.
plus friendly staff. sampled the crab cakes ($5.95) for appetizer - looks really dark on the exterior, but it's not bad once you take a bite out
are only $3!! crazy. the cheesecake isn't the best in the world, but for this price, not only does it taste decent, but it also looks
and flavorful! i ordered the chicken marsala and noticed how the mushrooms were drenched in wine previously, so the whole meal deserves 4-5 stars because of their
pleasant. 
i actually really like the calamari and the fries were good. i wouldn't go the way to order fries but i'd definitely steal a few of
bigger party. i had the beef lasagna which was pretty cheap, i think it was 6.95? cheap eats + good service = always good.
it's so easy to make crab cakes spongy or rock-hard due to poor execution. these were just right. not overly-greasy and retained the flavor of the crab
7-10 dollars
hehe. i've also had the melanzane which was probably the only thing that i didnt absolutely love.  i think it would've been better if the
good.  
i usually go with the melanzane which has perfectly cooked eggplant in it.
i definitely appreciate.
under $10, except for the salmon pesto fettucine. no wonder it was packed during dinnertime on a sunday.
salad three times, and their rustica is hearty. 
waiter who also loves mushrooms.
ordered the garlic fries, king salmon and the gambertto. the prices were reasonable and comparable to gypsys. the garlic fries were unimpressive and uninspired (stick to
and comparable to gypsys. the garlic fries were unimpressive and uninspired (stick to the ones at smart alec's). as for the main courses my sister and i
back. i had the king salmon which was decent. pasta with pesto sauce and a hunk of salmon. the pesto sauce was good but the salmon
sauce was good but the salmon good have used a little more flavoring and the garlic bread was well...not really garlic bread. it was just a
try and opted for the melanzane (fettuccini with roasted eggplant, sundried tomatoes & garlic in marinara sauce). i swapped the marinara sauce with alfredo and added
come back for the highly-recommended tiramisu next time.
loved the cheese ravioli!!!!! the bruschetta was good too! and service was friendly and accommodating.
pasta dish and get the tiramisu again. currently, i believe they have happy hour drinks all day ($3.50/glass of house wine, etc.)
the point of satisfaction. their penne bolognese is good, but nothing special, which can be said with some of their other pasta dishes. service is a bit
and didn't taste good. the gnocchi sausage was not bad, but wasn't anything special. i guess its a toss up though, because for $9 it was alright.
was ok, usually i like tiramisu to be more rich and creamy though.
i had an order of bruschetta (2 pcs) and the spaghetti and meatballs. the bruschetta was excellent and served on a garlic toast. the tomato mixture
the spaghetti and meatballs. the bruschetta was excellent and served on a garlic toast. the tomato mixture had a very strong garlic flavor with a hint
attempting to hide haha.
sauce and a piece of salmon on top, but larger portions.
chicken mushroom fetuccine (alfredo) and salmon pesta pasta. i got all 3 dishes to go. very fast 15 minutes.
spare. i usually get the gamberetto which is fettucine with shrimp, bell pepper, and mushroom in a tomato cream sauce. it is only $10!
on the truly beautiful looking tiramisu and cheesecake when i return...
truly beautiful looking tiramisu and cheesecake when i return...
which consisted of linguini with chicken breast , artichoke hearts, and assorted vegetables like carrots and zucchini in an olive-oil herb sauce (also with two pieces of
to be very basic. the carciofi e pollo was basically a mix of linguini, chicken breast, and vegetables that could have been made easily at home, and there
made the dish special. the cheese ravioli was just a double bummer because it was different from what was on the menu and it didn't taste the
must try! :) we had gnocchi sausage and tropicana pizza! niiice
but its just lasagna.  gnocchi sausage has good flavors, but the portion isn't that big.  chicken parmigiana is decent as well.  i like the
portion isn't that big.  chicken parmigiana is decent as well.  i like the tiramisu that they have.  the service is always friendly and nice,
well.  i like the tiramisu that they have.  the service is always friendly and nice, but the food is only decent for me. i
dishes as i heard the gnocchi sausage was really good but last time i came i ordered the chicken marsala. it was exactly what i expected and
wine sauce.
easier. 
of the fridge. but the melanzane was delicious! beats gypsy's greasy oily-ness. the tiramisu had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it was the perfect fluffiness
beats gypsy's greasy oily-ness. the tiramisu had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it was the perfect fluffiness and taste of coffee. 
i left ridiculously full. 
when you eat it. 
should steer clear of the melanzane bc it's basically spaghetti with eggplant and tomato sauce.  
sauce.  
good. 
pasta with veggies and the cheesecake is pretty good too. the panini and garlic fries are great for lunch. the prices are very reasonable. they have
good too. the panini and garlic fries are great for lunch. the prices are very reasonable. they have a few beers on tap and a happy hour!
andrew and i split up garlic fries and a tropical themed large pizza. 
i'll def try the $3 tiramisu next time.
the counter). we ordered the crab cakes as our appetizer because many people mentioned it in their reviews. it was smaller than i thought, but pretty tasty.
entrees, my boyfriend ordered the salmon dish and i ordered the chicken parmigiana. i guess i should've been a little more adventurous, but i had the
ordered the chicken parmesiana and bruschetta and also tried the eggplant appetizer. all three were good! the pasta and chicken were cooked well and the chicken
smothered with mozarella...so delicious. the bruschetta is a personal favorite. let me say, i don't even like tomatoes and i ate them all up! the bread
it was some pre-made, frozen chicken parmigiana patty that was microwaved with a piece of cheese on top. it tasted rubbery.
every bite of the meal.
so reasonable. i ordered the marco pollo and it was yummy in my tummy. no joke. i would recommend trying to eat all of it at the
pesto (my favorite sauce d:), salmon is a bit small and a bit too much pasta compared to the salmon
few more minutes because the chicken breast needs some time to be fully and well cooked.  
the gnocchi sausage was really good, especially for the price! i got a teeny bit tired of it after awhile but saved it
advise against the appetizers; the bruschetta topping is quite good, but the bread is hard and oily. the garlic bread is similarly mediocre, though both prices
great calamari appetizer and good salads. ok house wine. generous portions.  canned mushrooms used for chicken marsala but fetticini was fresh.
 canned mushrooms used for chicken marsala but fetticini was fresh.  pasta bene dish had fresh vegetables.   friendly and efficient staff.  i will
ordered a tantalizing side of bruschetta for only $2!  all of this and the bill was only about $10!!
is $5.95 now. tried the penne bolognese and it's pretty good, but slightly oily.
i have to recommend the chicken picatta and the king salmon in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be
chicken picatta and the king salmon in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be overlooked.  the old
department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be overlooked.  the old couple that owns / manages the restaurant is very
we started with bruchetta and calamari for appetizers, then had some salads, pasta and pizza dishes, wine and dessert too, when it was all done and
of their food.  
