tiramisu ($6.50): also on the sweet side, but still a much better fit. approved.
gnocchi because those are not gnocchi
gnocchi
caesar salad i had to start was just bad.  it's not that hard to make a caesar salad!  and
caesar salad!  and for my entree i had the margarita pizza, should be easy enough.  it was also just
polenta fries are a huge favorite of mine.  also highly recommended is the fried calamari with fennel and broccoli and
caesar salad.  their house pino grigio is also quite nice.
polenta is amazing.  i had linguine with clams and sausage.  great noodles, great sauce.  everything here is really
margherita pizza was pretty good, too.  liked the flavor of their olive oil.  the wine tasted like it was on
bruschetta here is decent too, i'm a big fan of it, and it's done well here.  
polenta fries, or salad.  i like the polenta fries here, they're crisp and unique.  a really great pasta is
polenta fries here, they're crisp and unique.  a really great pasta is the penne.  it has sauteed chicken, broccoli,
risotto here is also yummy.  my family's favorite dish to order here is the pollo ripieno.  it is a
gnocchi all sound absolutely delicious!
gnocchi is very good as well.  it is very light as good gnocchi should be.  many places serve gnocchi
gnocchi should be.  many places serve gnocchi that just sits like a lead weight in your stomach.  i have
gnocchi that just sits like a lead weight in your stomach.  i have also had their flat iron steak, which
risotto upon request, off the menu. i'm a sucker for places that will do this for me---gives me confidence in the
gnocchi (seriously the best potato dumplings in the city, fluffy little pillows of delish) the mozzarella/roasted red pepper appetizer, and the
caesar salad and the calamari. my go to dinner dish is the maiale. spice rubbed pork loin over (to die for)
risotto and roasted carrots served with a huckleberry sauce. deeelish. the gratis bread with oil and vinegar is excellent as well.
gnocchi was, after traveling to italy it is really hard to find a chef that can compare! i highly recommend this
caesar salads. i wasn't a huge fan of my salad, just because i felt like something was missing (maybe not salty
polenta fries almost justified the prices.  this afternoon, we shared a fairly lackluster pepperoni pizza.  the pepperoni itself was
gnocchi for dinner was awful (but expensive). the eggplant appetizer is great, and the fettuccine is quite good also. the margherita
caesar salad.  it was seriously bland.  like no flavor at all.  i added some parmesan cheese and asked
risotto and was quite pleased - kicking myself for not getting it again this time.  perhaps next time.
polenta fritti. 
bruschetta  as an appetizer.  it was okay, it's a chef's take on it.  i liked the free bread
gnocchi in a pesto sauce.  i tried a little bit of her meal and it was tasty - but again
gnocchi fan - but i am a fan of flavor. 
risotto & tenderloin. it would be an ideal place for a business meeting, or a lunch meetup i think. dinner was
