minestrone soup was orange liquid with few carrots, bits of mushrooms and couscous sitting at the bottom of the bowl. i had
caesar salad was amazing with burnt croutons and thick sauce that tasted more like ketchup mixed with mayo. the wood grilled paillard
lasagna which looked meaty and delicious and my other friend got the portabello mushroom salad which looked awesome and would have
caprese salad (i would eat tomato and mozzarella every day if i could) for my appetizer, the trota alla griglia (grilled trout)
lasagna was poured around instead. this  resulted in a bit drier dish but overall tasty and enjoyable. the portion was
carpaccio and i ordered the pheasant pasta. sadly, the waiter came back and informed me they were out so i ordered
carpaccio meant raw beef. she tasted it but could not get over the raw meat and the kind waiter offered to
strawberry shortcake or chocolate souffle - it takes 20 minutes so be sure to order it in advance.  delish!!
chocolate souffle - it takes 20 minutes so be sure to order it in advance.  delish!!
caprese salad were well past their prime and mushy.  my husband's spaghetti con polpette ( spaghetti and meatballs ) was just
spaghetti con polpette ( spaghetti and meatballs ) was just ok.  the sauce was average although the meatballs were tasty.  i
margherita pizza with the same overripe tomatoes on what seemed to be a boboli pizza crust.  you know the kind they
lasagna and he had the shrimp scampi special.  the meatball lasagna was really good but very very heavy.  i
lasagna was really good but very very heavy.  i could barely make it through half the square they gave me.
lasagna again.. probably not.  i don't like to slow down that fast.  i've had the spaghetti carbonara and the
spaghetti carbonara and the duck ravioli before and those are worth the trip here again.  
strawberry shortcake dessert at prego are also very good.
strawberry shortcake and chocolate souffle.  ...and cleaned our plates!
gnocchi - amazing. try it. gnocchi is lightly fried so that it's crispy toasty on the outside and just the right
gnocchi is lightly fried so that it's crispy toasty on the outside and just the right amount of chewy on the
salmone and thought hers was divine as well! we also split the flour less chocolate cake, which was literally to die
branzino with grapefruit and crab.  we all raved about how great it was.  we shared a flourless chocolate cake
carpaccio topping wasn't very good at all and inedibly salty. lentil soup with lamb sausage was pretty good but again too
gnocchi and it was really food and the perfect size to split with 5 ppl. the mushroom risotto was perfect and
lasagna was extremely good as well. oh and the bread/olive oil dip he give you was divine!!
