casarecci alla arrabiata -  you can order the sauce to be veggie style- take out the fattening sausage and salami - it
polenta and i'm sold.  the only reason i did not give this a 5-star rating was that each individual pot
arugula pizza. everything had fantastic, clean, bright flavors without being heavy and arduous. all in all we had two cocktails, an
arugula and 4 cheese.  i was a bit disappointed in the lack of cheese because i really love cheese. 
risotto was very very good. it was creamy and rich, and all the seafood had been added at the appropriate times
arugula salad was the best salad on the planet.  it was not.  i liked that it was not overdressed,
arugula pizza.  (boy, they really are into arugula, here)  the crust was wonderful,but they must have been listening to
arugula salad ($7.50/$11.00) as my starter, the funghi risotto ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate cake (price not listed).
risotto ($15) as my main course, and the chocolate cake (price not listed).  considering the $35 total - sans drinks
arugula salad with pear, pancetta, gorgonzola, walnuts and truffle vinaigrette.  that was the m.o.s.t. delicious salad ever!  i will
arugula had a nice dressing on it, which was different. the $1 beer? you better like whatever domestic lite is was.
risotto (i've definitely had better) and the pesto tortellini.  my brother ordered the sagra pizza with egg and there was
sagra pizza with egg and there was definitely not enough cheese, not to mention the sauce was a little too sweet. 
arugula salad, pork belly, and a delicious spaghetti with meat sauce. 
arugula salad is pretty darn good and to be honest, by the time i eat half the charcuterie plate and my
arugula to be dressed in it for that extra moisture that the dish was lacking. along with garbanzo beans that were
arugula salad that was dry- i was left with dry shrimp on dry chickpeas on dry arugula. blah. 
rigatoni coda di bue: 
rigatoni was just overcooked and quickly turning to mush under the weight of the ragu. the noodles weren't cooked in salted
risotto - but my good fortune was bound to end somewhere - and it did at sagra. the risotto was bland
risotto was bland and tasted more like mush - something that oliver twist would eat - please sir i want some
sagra pizza was soggy and thin, the egg was overcooked, and it looks nothing like the picture on the menu.. the poached
risotto which was very very bland- it lacked even basic seasoning. the bruschetta was so so. the best thing i tasted
risotto and $24 for a very bland salmon are definitely not worth it.  
risotto i had was excellent, and i'm  picky about them, but the serving was small even for risotto; made even
cheeses and 9 meats...if you want a meat lovers pizza call pizza hut.  these pizzas are supposed to be light
polenta is a little strong but still good.  things change from order to order but if you stick with their
caprese panini for $9. i've had several caprese paninis in my life, and this one wasn't special. 
caprese paninis in my life, and this one wasn't special. 
arugula salad.  it set me back $11, and for that you get precious little protein - only a smattering of
polenta bowl and it was tasty. i truffle oil was spot on, and the panchetta was perfect and crisp. a friend
margherita pizza with added proscuitto de parma and handmade sausage, and my boyfriend had some spicy pasta dish that started with a
arugula to break up the brown of the noodles and mushrooms. the garlic spinach was your basic spinach wilted in olive
garlic spinach was your basic spinach wilted in olive oil. it came out lacking the balsamic reduction listed on the menu. the
arugula and got spinach. so i got a $20 off to come back and try again. i did. and even with
risotto was very nice.  the pork scallopine was excellent, but the crispy polenta that came on the side (polenta deep
polenta that came on the side (polenta deep fried into sticks larger than french fries) desperately needed a sauce of some
garlic spinach to share, which tasted like it was made from frozen spinach (or maybe it was just overcooked) that didn't have
cheeses two sheep one cow, my favorite was a sheep's milk called the lamb chopper, standard crostinis and delicious truffle honey.
casarecci alla arrabiata with spicy sausage and an s shaped pasta. i thought the sausage was divine, the pasta was delicious as well
sagra pizza is great, the eggs sagra, etc...
risotto but it really didn't seem like anything special. 
funghi pizza had very tasty mushrooms; the thin crust is good. a side order of new potatoes for $4 was copious and
arugula salad was attractively prepared, an inviting interweave of greens. what appealed most to me was the way the tang of
arugula salad (gorgonzola, pancetta, walnuts, pears, honey-truffle vinaigrette which was indistinguishable from any ordinary vinaigrette) and twice i've subbed spring mix
margherita pizza for an appetizer and enjoyed it enough to order another.  it has an appealingly thin crust, flavorful sauce a
arugula pizza.  the crust is perfectly thin and crispy and wood-fired tastin' and they have a light, healthy non-greasy kinda
arugula and pear and walnut salad is not to be missed.  please don't miss this great little restaurant in the
caprese panino with pesto that i ordered was delicious (caution: it was also extremely rich).  and after running home to
sagra pizza that i have now ordered twice at brunch. it's just so yummy with the thin toasted crust, light cheese, spinach
cheeses of which you can choose any number of), the owner came to our table and apologized again for saying they
margherita pizza and the tuesday night all-you-can-eat mussels for $12 special. the pizza was pretty mediocre but the white wine & garlic
funghi pizza and the mussels special. we were both pretty hungry and looking forward to curbing our appetites with some bread before
risotto are standouts. i tasted a number of the brunch entrees and they were all yummy.  the only area i'd
polenta i liked so i'm not really sure what it was i didn't like. for dessert i had the pear tart.
casarecci alla arrabiata (s-shaped pasta with homemade sausage, salami, olive tapenade, mozzarella, spicy tomato sauce.) note: a lot of the menu is in
arugula salad is yummy, it has pears, gorgonzola and walnuts, nuff said. 
risotto melts in your mouth and has asparagus and sun dried tomatoes and ricotta cheese on top, so yummy, it's another
polenta and boy am i excited. their take on eggs benedict, the sagra is a bed of focaccia bread covered with
polenta was really good and is probably all i would get if i were to return.
risotto and the spaghetti) and asked if the spaghetti was any better.  the girl said we weren't missing anything, that
panna cotta was fine, though strangely dressed...we still haven't figured out of the runny berry juice on the plate was intentional, or
margherita pizza to split. we ordered the small salad sizes and they were pretty huge. the romana is what you'd normally call
