linguini alla pugliese and it was terrible. it was bland and tasted fishy (which i see other thought too).  i
mozzarella salad, bruschetta, and pork chop milanese with arugula all hit the a-ok spot, which is 3/5. didn't blow me away,
pork chop milanese with arugula all hit the a-ok spot, which is 3/5. didn't blow me away, but didn't disappoint me either. i
gnocchi i sampled, but i'm an extra tough grader on gnocchi. however, the tiramisu was spot on and i'd get that
gnocchi with pan-seared mushrooms. this was amazingly good considering i don't usually like gnochhi. love. and it only cost $17 this
arugula salad to the buffalo ravioli special to the chicken to the duck orecchiette. my only gripe is that my orecchiette was
orecchiette was a little undercooked (and i do usually like it al dente) and clumped together. and of course it's a
mozzarella on top served w/ mashed potatoes and buttery asparagus...this was one of the best dishes i have ever had, it
mozzarella in a red sauce (so yummy), mussels in homemade broth (also very yummy, especially for a non-mussles lover), and salad
mozzarella on top and it was really great.  
linguini pasta with roasted tomatoes, garlic, and ricotta insalata. definitely the best pasta dish i've ever eaten. and so filling! my
mozzarella with grilled vegetables as an app. it was really great, and totally different from most mozarella/vegatable dishes at italian places.
mozzarella and roasted vegetable appetizer. the cheese was very fresh and had great texture, - you could tell they didn't just
caesar salad was ok, pretty standard. kind of hard to wrong a caesar salad. we had an artichoke dish which was also
gnocchi entree, the pork special entree, and the choc torte and pumpkin-thing desserts.  my friends have had about half the
gnocchi dish in particular, to be bland.  aside from my friend's gnocchi being bland, it didn't even taste, look, or
gnocchi being bland, it didn't even taste, look, or resemble actual gnocchi--plus we found egg shells in the dish!  
gnocchi was pretty good too.  we had a kind waiter who wishes to remain unnamed.  it is a romantic
mozzarella and artichoke appetizers were delicious and beautiful in presentation.  my orichette was good, but had too much stock the
linguini ai frutti di mare on saturday night, which is my go-to pasta dish at any restaurant, and this is consistently
mozzarella for appetizer and a delicious seafood entree that consisted of fish, calamari and some shrimp. since we had had our
gnocchi for entrees.
mozzarella with peppers, tomatoes, onions and arugula. it was like butter. amazing! the gnocchi with shrimp in the cream sauce was
gnocchi with shrimp in the cream sauce was one of the best things i've ever had. so fresh. also had the
gnocchi with shrimp. i'd highly recommend salento-- maybe not as a dine-out-every-day kind of place because your wallet would be bust
mozzarella and grilled veggies (with a roasted red pepper vinaigrette), which i wanted so much more of. there was a good
mozzarella appetizer, any of their (fresh!) gnocchi, and the lamb skewers. oh, the yummy lamb skewers...delectable. alright...this is making me hungry...
arugula salad with grilled calamari - delicious! the calamari had a great grill and char taste to it, making it a hearty
mozzarella was delicious and so were the grilled veggies, but the vinaigrette may have been slightly too over powering for my
linguini aglione - good.  a very simple pasta with roasted tomatoes and ricotta salata cheese.  the cheese makes it
linguini con gamberi - the best!  fresh linguini served with large, grilled shrimp in a light pesto sauce (almost broth).
linguini served with large, grilled shrimp in a light pesto sauce (almost broth).  this pasta dish was light and hearty
pork chop milanese served with spring mix - delicious! two people at the table actually ordered this dish and it was yummy! 
caesar salad was classic but good, and not overdressed.  the sauteed mussel appetizer was in a delicate white wine broth that
arugula salad on top.  finally, the pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake was light and airy - a bit hit!  everyone at the
mozzarella and a vinaigrette): it was good! but in my opinion not worth the $9 again.
gnocchi with shrimp and cream sauce): i ordered it without the shrimp because i don't like shrimp unless it's deep fried.
caesar salad as apps. can i just say how weird it is that the antipasti is all out in the open on
mozzarella with grilled vegetables being the first course "winner", with the grilled calamari a close second.  other winners were the
orecchiette with braised duck and a pork loin dish.  we came back on another sunday with 15 people to celebrate
mozzarella with veggies as a starter, and the beau ordered grilled calamari.  he loved the calamari, and i liked it
mozzarella cheese with vegetables and enjoyed its light flavor. it wasn't doused in salt for "flavor" like other places. i then
pollo agrodolce (boneless chicken breast with white balsamic, caramelized onions, and golden raisins). both times i've had this, it was served with
mozzarella and grilled vegetable app, tilapia entree and chocolate torte dessert. everything was delicious! street parking was easy in this part
tilapia entree and chocolate torte dessert. everything was delicious! street parking was easy in this part of town and i would
