followed well. pasta, especially the ravioli is always beautiful. not an ounce of pretension.
meal. 
cheese.  cc got the linguini with scallops, shrimps, calamari, clams and mussels in a spicy tomato white wine sauce.  both were delicious.  we
garnishing the meal.  the linguini was very nice, with an amazing amount of seafood!  i was very surprised at the ratio of pasta to
overly seasoned for me. the linguini di mare is very good, but what's life without a little variety...
without a little variety...
is just okay, but the burrata caprese is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a surprise for a nicer italian place!) but it's nomnomnom.
played it safe with a linguini and shrimp, mussels, scallops, calamari, and clams in tomato sauce, which was pretty hearty and i had no complaints. i
but good. and the pumpkin ravioli was also pretty flavorful. beware, they serve their food really hot, so let it cool down for a few minutes
not necessarily anything special. the ravioli weren't fresh made and the sauce was good, but not exciting.
not exciting.
the sauce was good, the gnocchi were just mediocre and a little on the bland side. overall, it was just too much of one taste and
a great wine list. 
 i had the seafood linguini (shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels) in a spicy tomato sauce.  the linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato
spicy tomato sauce.  the linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato sauce had a nice kick but wasn't overpowering, and the seafoods were
the mezzaluna all'anatra (half moon ravioli stuffed with duck in a mushroom sauce and fresh blueberries...i didn't see blueberries) which sounds so pretty and may be
great. 
do it better) and the burrata caprese are both out of this world...
at the same time. and gnocchi with porcini mushrooms. they also have pasta with grated truffle on occasion, now that is totally pricey, but stinky and
i don't order the duck ravioli with blueberries.  desserts are well-portioned and the coffee is aromatic.  from what i have heard, this place is
choice of salmon or a ravioli trio for the entree, and panna cotta for dessert (with maybe a salad too?).  i was looking forward to
i basically had the best gnocchi in years.  i am so impressed with this place. i'm talking about homemade pasta that's to die for. 
line for many restaurants.
the best part). the spinach ravioli with the tomato and basil sauce was incredible. loved the big pieces of basil. pasta tasted homemade. some of the
homemade. some of the best ravioli i've had in a long time. the chicken scaloppini with marsala sauce was excellent as well. very light and flavorful
i especially recommend the duck ravioli and the burrata mozzarella salad, but my husband had a delicious thin sliced beef cold cuts that he raved about.
arrabiata and my companion pumpkin tortelloni in a sage cream sauce, their signature dish.
lunch.  when his pumpkin tortelloni arrived he scarfed down almost the whole plate in mintues.  the pasta is made fresh in house.  tanino
any risotto dish, the seafood linguini and the raviolis.  i never eat meat or fish dishes because i can't resist the pasta so i am
went, i had the pumpkin ravioli which was amazing! great service, architecture is beautiful.... not for kids. shout out to my favorite waiter - dino!
butter.
and very probably the best calamari i have ever had. i don't just say that because of all of the hospital food i had been eating
there.
di zucca which is pumpkin ravioli with butter and sage sauce. the dish came out nicely presented but was a tad small for my liking. i
three different preparations: mushroom risotto, gnocchi in tomato-basil sauce, and pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with
in tomato-basil sauce, and pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise
cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise balance between the pumpkin's sweetness and the cream sauce,
basil sauce, but thought the gnocchi themselves were a little too chewy.  the overall portion size was just right.  the people on either side
was very good.  the gnocchi was a little al dente for my taste but the pesto was creamy and delicious.  the artichoke salad was
cheese were good though. the capellini (angel hair pasta, $12.00) was simple and nice. risotto funghi (rice with mushrooms, $14.50) or risotto polpette ($15.50) were good,
zucchini, a combination of tortellini, ravioli with spinach, and risotto with wild mushrooms, and chicken marsala.  i went with the pasta combo since i have
with spinach and red sauce, ravioli with red sauce, eggplant parm, you name it -- well that's just the thing -- this place really doesn't have
and i got the spinach ravioli in red sauce.  honestly, both sauces tasted quite similar in my opinion. there was not a true distinction b/t
and i had both pumpkin ravioli and duck raviolis with blueberries, which is excellent and for me a combination that i had not seen before. 
menu and apparently the only gnocchi dish they currently offer is with a four cheese sauce). we all thoroughly enjoyed our food, and i highly recommend
