and i'm partial to the polipo - grilled octopus served with marinated onions and potatoes. it's a simple dish, and a wonderful start to a meal.
much cream, not enough trout)
- was too stringy. the caprese salad was two slices of tomatoes with one mozzarella slice and a basil leaf. literally. the noise level was very
great flavor. i had the agnolotti - incredible, the braised beef and cheese mix melted in your mouth, but it was far too rich to finish
mostly seafood.  two had zuppa di mare (seafood in tomato saffron broth), one had scallops with endive and risotto, i had fettucine with clams, garlic, anchovies and
never empty. i had the pappardelle with duck & mushroom ragu... so friggin good!
expected great things, and my caprese salad was indeed wonderful.  however, i had the duck served over lentil ragout with cranberries and found the entree
started with the affettati e formaggi (sliced meats and cheeses) - i've never had italian bacon before and had my doubts because it's eaten raw, but
and the boy got the ossobuco (veal). both were delicious and highly recommended. my boyfriend said that it was the best italian he's had since he
italian fare. we split the caprese salad and the cured meat and cheese board, both of which were great. the risotto with duck, pork and chicken
 my mom had the funghi salad; i tasted it and it was amazing!  (i'll definitely take not for next time).
an appetizer portion of the penne alla carbonara.  i am a carbonara fan and make it often myself when i'm in the mood for comfort
so crispy, light and tasty.
and creamy cow's-milk cheese. the prosciutto was, of course, fantastic, but i was also pleased with the incredibly generous portion we received. for under $10, this
specials of the day, the agnolotti (a type of ravioli) was an incredibly rich and savory dish. the beef inside each ravioli was tender and flavorful,
and competently prepared. no complaints.
night at a chain restaurant.
di mare was heavenly. the anatra (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck dish at another restaurant. the tiramisu was good.
two appetizers to start, a caprese salad (two slices of tomato, but only one piece of cheese? why?)  and the bietole /caprino which is red
cheese? why?)  and the bietole /caprino which is red beets and goat's cheese, arugula, crispy prosciutto, beet honey vinaigrette.  that was amazing!  delicious
stuff!
good old fashioned plate of spaghetti casalinga  (homemade spaghetti and veal meatballs, crushed tomatoes, garlic, basil).  the spaghetti seemed a little undercooked to me, but
i'd gotten more of the pesce del giorno.  mom had the risotto and calamari--nice and creamy and the calamari was cooked to perfection.  my
service
not very flavorful, but the caprese salad i had was yummy and classic.  for dessert we ordered 3 desserts and shared them: an apple tart,
and  i had the caprese salad.  three slices of ruby red heirloom tomatoes, one nice-sized piece of mozzarella and three full basil leaves topped
food was absolutely amazing. the zuppa di mare was so good, i dreamed of a pool filled with it and eating it as i swam until there was
were on the menu. the bruschetta was very good, and so was the cheese cake recommended by our server. the service was great; very friendly and
one incredible ingredient in my agnolotti - butter fried sage leaves.  these unbelievably tasty morsels were quietly hiding in the background of a tremendous plate
their food is great. the gnocchi is some of the best i have had
ordered an appetizer of the agnolotti and an entree of the penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my entree for
and an entree of the penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my entree for many moons to come. plus, it
the homemade pasta dish of linguine and lobster and shrimp was excellent as was the veal scallopine, thin and tender. sizable portions too. and try the
and a crispy piece of prosciutto to garnish.  i found it overly vinegary with little to balance it but otherwise not a total fail. a
was the seasonal small plate.
way to start a meal.
my son both ordered the bistecca alla pizzaiola and were overwhelmed. the fried potatoes and the steak rivaled each other for the favorite of the dish. my daughter
very good.
friend.  we had the caprese as a shared app, which was sparing with the very tasty mozzarella.  i had the rabbit pasta for dinner
everything. we started with the bruschetta which sounded great but tuns out the tomatoes are smoked -yck to mediocre (we leave some for the kitchen).
possible. we then do the farfalle with lamb with other stuff thrown in.. the homemade farfalle was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre
stuff thrown in.. the homemade farfalle was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre at best and most of us avoided the lamb. it
was fantastic.
- very much the way bruschetta is supposed to be.  i also tried the sicilian fried shrimp and they were great.
mushrooms
it was amazing.  the gnocchi was also very soft and delicate and each bite was creamy and delicious.
and i can't resist the pappardelle with duck and mushrooms.  the ossobucco is also outstanding.
few minutes later it arrived: pappardelle with rotisserie duck and mushroom ragu. i've never had this dish before. i started eating it and i suddenly got
was very disappointed with the quattro formaggi as the shells were undercooked and the cheese tasted like it had expired. the server graciously noticed that i wasn't
and recommended i try the risotto frutti di mare which is a seafood pasta. i was much more pleased with this although the shrimp were a little too chewy
hand really enjoyed his dish; lasagna matta which i tasted and it was scrumptious.
foccacia).  i had the risotto frutti di mare which is shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree portion was a lot so i
with the rings.  the bruschetta wasn't quite what i was expecting - it was larger pieces of whole tomato on top of slices of mozzarella
braised large prawns,  the salsiccia with the red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the
red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the porcini pasta with duck (omg!),tortellis filled with spinach
parmesan and i added smoked prosciutto to the dish. can't wait to go back! the service, food and dessert were top notch.
extravagant either.  i ordered spaghetti casalinga without the veal meatballs.  so essentially, i ordered spaghetti with crushed tomatoes, garlic, and basil.  yeah, it's nothing
lobster broth and i added linguine to eat as well. excellent tasting, even though i proceeded to make a mess of myself (i needed a bib!).
tasty.  i had the agnolotti which were very good and i also had a delmonico steak with a pizzaiola sauce, which was not good (i
