priced. i really enjoy the penne vodka dish. the atmosphere is great, also usc students and cops. great service! also delivery if you are feeling a little
nearby. my favorite is the penne vodka with chicken.
good meal!
at this place. try the penne vodka and add broccoli! they have quick service and the food is always good. also make sure to get the points
the pasta's are great. their chinese chicken salad is very good. 
hours! my favorite is the meat lasagna with a nice cold cup of beer. mmmmm. they also serve warm thick bread. the inside is a bit tight,
but i settled on the turkey sandwich since i knew i had some meetings in the afternoon and i couldnt fall asleep. i ordered then sat down
a mushy celery fan. the turkey sandwich was perfect with nicely toasted wheat bread, thick slices of turkey, cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. mmmmm just how mommy makes
have seen anywhere else. the penne vodka is close to other places, but still on the creamier side. they have a number of other unique options all
we were very disappointed.
disappointed.
the chicken cannelloni i had here was unedible. both my mom and i thought the ground chicken was of extremely low quality and
last night i ordered a chicken parmigiana sandwich and it was delicious. it was especially delicious considering it and a drink were less than $9. the fries are
with meat sauce and a chopped salad ($10 min for delivery). the meat sauce had way too much sodium, so i had to use the bread to
hard and just not good.
last final 

my personal favorites are the angel hair sebastian and the linguini artichini.  both of these are delicious and taste much more expensive than $9.   also
  also try the greek salad and the mushroom side dish / appetizer, they're both super yummy and come in huge portions.  you get bread
really good things about the farfalle pesto and homemade chicken canneloni.  the staff is always pleasant, and they deliver!  i think this place is way
chicken parmesan sandwich with the caesar salad is my husband favorite. the chicken was really flavorful and juicy. the breading on the chicken was not too much.
prices. 
i was super impressed. my salad pizza (small) was $7 and very filling. the dough was nice and fluffy and the vegetables were fresh. the eggplant ravioli
much sauce. i like their farfalle pesto because it's not too saucy and i like the texture of pesto.
all. 
could have been jerky. the caesar salad had an overwhelming fish smell to it (someone overdid it with the anchovies) and i couldn't finish eating it. the
a hitch). i love the penne vodka and the lunch specials are always a great deal. nothing fancy or upscale, but viztango always hits the spot.
nothing has changed.  the farfalle pesto was as good as ever and so was my friend's homemade ravioli.  the stuffed toys used as table numbers
order the homemade ravioli and eggplant parmigiana ,which is awesome and cheesy and fills you up like crazy. woo did i just create a line for a
and the fillings for the eggplant ravioli parmigiana was satisfactory to the pallet, but the ravioli dough was chewy as if over cooked, then left out to dry
dinner. 
good quality college food! the salad pizza is very good, prices are dirt cheap and student discount... 
always order the same thing, calamari and capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my whole mouth just filled with saliva...) i
the same thing, calamari and capretta pizza (goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, grilled chicken, and roasted garlic... my whole mouth just filled with saliva...) i didn't like goat
spicy marinara sauce for dipping calamari is amazing! although the calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried out. i have tried a
calamari is amazing! although the calamari is hit or miss, sometimes it would be really dried out. i have tried a pasta and a sandwich, they
this seafood pasta to spiderman."
got the chicken marsala for lunch and it was packed with flavor. the price point is suited to fit the college students budget (very
garlic bread. alright pasta. good chicken parmigiana and marsala.
my boyfriend always orders their combo pizza for delivery and it's convenient (parking = not good). they have a pretty extensive menu but i'm not a big
and delicious, not too greasy. vegetarian sandwich is chock full of grilled veggies and avocado. super good. the service is pretty quick, but the place gets really
from. i personally love the linguini seafood it comes with shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari. the eggplant ravioli parmigiana is also great. if you have 15 dollars
clams, mussels and calamari. the eggplant ravioli parmigiana is also great. if you have 15 dollars to spear this is the place to go. its a little on
makes me want seconds!! the penne vodka with chicken is def better than that other place close by i won't mention...haha. they are always posting things on facebook and
food which is so good.
usc will tell you. the penne puttanesca is a close second if you're not in the mood for pesto, best puttanesca i've ever had.
addicted to bruschetta) and the angel hair sebastian pasta. the total came out to $15 or so. i guess it's reasonable... it was a little more than i
and a half stars. the cobb salad would have been okay but the dressing was of very low quality and the eggs were clearly over-boiled.
had the angel hair sebastian and or whatever was bland so flavor from the mushrooms. pick something else.
puttanesca
tequila
sandwich / chicken parmigiana sandwich
the vegetarian pizza always has me coming back..one of the guys that works there is really friendly, need to get his name, props
my boyfriend opted for the eggplant ravioli parmigiana and a small caesar salad. 
ordered the grilled chicken and caesar salad ($5.95). it was one of the daily specials. funny thing is, every time i'm here, it's always listed as a
can't go wrong with the linguini artichini or the penne vodka.  but just about anything is pretty good and if you are a usc student you
