bruschette (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. let me just start off by saying everything tasted really good! we started
bruschette and the caprese salad. the bread of the bruschette was sooooooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! i normally like a
bruschette was sooooooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! i normally like a strong garlic taste, however the garlic on the bruschette
bruschette was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor but still so tasty! the tomato&basil bruschette was typical and nothing too
bruschette was typical and nothing too special. the caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  then
caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  then we got our scallops and cauliflower, and i know
scallops and cauliflower, and i know everyone raves about the scallop, but the scallops were just good, not extraordinary. on the
scallops were just good, not extraordinary. on the other hand, the cauliflower was amazing! i don't know what kind of seasoning
bruschette with garlic-something.. i forget the name. i also loved the bacaro burger (definitely go with the egg on top!) and
bacaro burger (definitely go with the egg on top!) and this one belgian blonde beer i had.  the scallops were tasty,
scallops were tasty, but the sauce was too powerful, and there were only two pieces. the hangar steak, though, took forever
roasted garlic grilled pizza, and a bacaro burger. we also had the homemade bread pudding. you won't be dissappointed by the food,
bacaro burger with the fried egg.  savor each forkful. it will be easy to do so; the dish kind of demands
margherita (not bad, just didn't compare to the burst of flavor that came from most of the other plates.)
chicken breast with parmesan risotto cake, lemon caper sauce. i've ordered this dish in the past and loved it but this time
chicken breast was overly cooked and dry. the parmesan risotto cake was greasy and overly fried as well. overall, the dish was
bacon and brie next time. 
panini was okay and actually the white pizza was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a hit or miss... we might
white pizza was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a hit or miss... we might go back just to give it a
scallops and white pizza. both were amazing. the scallops were very flavorful. the white pizza was unbelievably good and it was
scallops were very flavorful. the white pizza was unbelievably good and it was this plate that impressed me. the pizza crust
white pizza was unbelievably good and it was this plate that impressed me. the pizza crust was slightly fluffy and still crispy
scallops (amazing), bruschetta (the garlic/pesto was yummy), prosciutto, artichokes, and the eggplant pizza (awesome with a nice little kick). everything was
bacaro burger experience is very visceral. it is at once emotional and sensual...and maybe even a little bit sexual. as there has
bacaro burger experience is kind of like that. you are hanging out at bacaro with friends, having a great time drinking awesome
polenta was pretty damn good too!
panini was rather tasty.
scallops the most. 
scallops and bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
bacaro burger as well. we enjoyed everything we hate. 
polenta (one dish i probably recommend). 
roasted garlic bruchetta and carried the faint aroma with us for the next few days -- but so, so worth it!
poached shrimp was a miss for me. the shrimp were delicious and quite plump but the thai style sweet chili sauce didn't
panini was a bit of letdown as well. good portion but small offerings of cheese and meat. there was literally one
scallops had two scallops. i love the sauce they used. light, rich and delectable. the scallops were cooked to near perfection.
scallops were cooked to near perfection. but i hope what they served us was a happy hour portion or else this
white pizza was a nice cheese-y pizza. the crust was a bit hard for me but pizza is a must if you
scallops would be my favorite.  the bacaro burger was good, provided on a half bun, which was unfortunately burnt, as
bacaro burger was good, provided on a half bun, which was unfortunately burnt, as was the eggplant pizza.
scallops - 4 stars
petite fillet steak, bread, potatoes, wine, etc. but the first plate we got - the meat was nearly raw, and the onion
caprese salad which just melts in your mouth. gooey mozzarella with a hint of basil pesto that leaves you wanting more.. i
bacaro burger without the fried egg and it was made perfectly. i always like my burgers medium rare and it was still
scallops on top of this corn salsa. i could have eaten 4 of those pan seared scallops plates! 
scallops plates! 
panini or the scallops. either of the desserts are worth trying - (1) a nutella and strawberry (or banana) panini and
panini and (2) homemade cranberry bread pudding. extremely tasty but rich so you may want to share with a date or
scallops with corn chowder - wow one of our favorite dishes of the night. the scallops were seared perfectly with a
scallops were seared perfectly with a nice crust but  were extremely tender and juicy in the middle. 
panini sandwich was just okay. it's pretty cool to come here for happy hour the sangria was pretty good. i'd come
panini - tasty
pig ears (eh, pass  - too salty)
bacaro burger next time!
panini with black forest ham and carmelized onions
scallops because it's no longer on the menu and apparently hasn't been for over a year according to the waiter!!!! (sad,
bacaro burger (we forgot to ask for the egg topping, darn it!)
chicken breast over risotto cake
caprese salad featured low quality mozzarella and unripe cherry tomatoes, with a dab of pesto on the side. scallops were the best
scallops were the best of the three, but decidedly unmemorable, lurking in a baby food-esque carrot puree that managed to both
poached shrimp and caprese are also great options.
bruschette - dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers & roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto
scallops with carrot puree was amazing as was the beets and goat cheese my friend and i shared. and i don't
panini (gruyere, roast beef, onions), crostini (marscapone, gorgonzola, goat cheese), and bacaro burger (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. still, it
bacaro burger (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. still, it was hard to get the bad service out of my mind.
bacaro burger - has a freakin quail egg sunny side up yumm!, scallops - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant flatbread
scallops - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant flatbread - delish! (and i dont even like eggplant), bread with side
roasted garlic infused in olive oil - roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring, and a yummy spongey cake
roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring, and a yummy spongey cake for desert - sooo good. mind you
scallops were so good!! though you only get 2 big pieces in one serving.  my friends had mac&cheese and the
scallops and the burger. i sampled the beet salad and it was really good. they had different types of beets and
scallops were served in a sauce and potatoes and onions. they were perfectly seasoned. i took a few bits of the
scallops and crostini were all a must-trys!
scallops with carrot puree- amazing. some of the best scallops i have had in this city. perfectly tender with great carmelization
scallops i have had in this city. perfectly tender with great carmelization from a perfect sear. the carrot puree was perfect
scallops came out piping hot. my only gripe is that at $8/order, i kind of wanted them to either be slightly
scallops instead of 2. we ended up ordering two of these throughout the meal.
white pizza came out bubbling with perfect cheese, scallions, bacon, and a decadent bechamel sauce. a must try, and a good way
panini with gruyere cheese and carmalized onions was crazy good. was really surprised how much i dug the nutella and banana
scallops have been taken off the menu since april. sad times :(
bacaro burger with fried egg, clams, mac & cheese, hangar steak w asparagus, bacon & brie pizza, polenta topped with eggplant salad,
polenta topped with eggplant salad, and the nutella panini with both strawberries and banana. oh, and the sangria. 
panini with both strawberries and banana. oh, and the sangria. 
polenta was split. i personally did not like it while my friend ate every single bite. the eggplant salad on top
panini at all. i was actually the one to urge the rest of my table to get it -- who would've
panini was just too dry and sadly, did not go well with the nutella. it was quite an ordinary dessert, if
polenta squares with roasted market eggplant: the roasted rainbow beets with chevre and tarragon: the gorgonzola, date, walnut, and orange honey-draped
rainbow beets with chevre and tarragon: the gorgonzola, date, walnut, and orange honey-draped crostini; the hot artichokes with parmigiano reggiano; the pan-seared
scallops with melted winter leeks and spicy crostini; and the very sinfully delicious nutella panino with strawberries. whew. if you think
nutella panino with strawberries. whew. if you think that sounds amazing, just wait until you cast your fascinated foodie-eyes on the sprawling
roasted garlic bruschetta was a-ma-zing! i wanna learn how to make this beautiful dish! i'd wanna get this for both orders next
bone marrow (balsamic reduction, sea salt with baguette slices) - i wanted to be all anthony bourdain-like and have marrow. i've had
rainbow beets - with chevre, tarragon
bacaro burger - made with estancia grass-fed beef added fried egg $1
scallops - garlic parsnip pure, crispy capers & white trufle oil
polenta entrees. i even stole a cheeky piece from carrie d while she was chatting with steve, hehe. the owners and
scallops with truffle oil, carrot puree. sounds kinda weird like baby food but its not weird lol
scallops with roasted corn. honestly anything with corn...you know it's good
bone marrow so i can't compare to anything but i thought it was good! good flavor, very oily but i imagine its
pig ears and the grilled chicken panini. the chipotle aioli goes well with the pig ears. the panini was solid as well.
panini was solid as well. sadly didn't have any of the wines when i made my visit
mac and cheese ever made! it had perfectly cooked, tender, macaroni, was extra cheesy, topped with thinly sliced green onion and crumbled bacon.
roasted garlic pizza and the bacon & brie pizza (minus the bacon) were perfectly sized and baked to a thin, cheesy crisp.
scallops and see that only a quarter of that delicate, small square bowl is filled with food.  we also got
scallops because i don't like seafood (but i can say that the corn/tomato mixture it was in was fresh and very
panini w/the mushrooms--crunchy, in a good way.
scallops with carrot puree is a must order!  it's delish!!!  we ordered the bacaro burger, artichoke hearts, chicken breast,
bone marrow and of course, the scallops!  the only other thing i would recommend is the bacon & brie pizza. 
chicken breast was kinda tough and dry even though it was drenched with lemon caper sauce.  the mac & cheese was
bone marrow would've been good if it wasn't so darn salty. too much sea salt!  nothing really special about the artichoke
artichoke hearts and the garlic pizza was too garlicky.  they put whole cloves of garlic.
artichoke hearts with parmesan and bread crumbs.  maybe half a cup of split artichoke hearts with a little parmesan and bread
artichoke hearts with a little parmesan and bread crumbs which are roasted.  sure, they're fine, but not $8 fine.  boring
scallops and petit filet - there is no way that these had been started when we put in our request. 
burrata di stefano with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and grilled sourdough.  the cheese was oozy and oily, and the salt and
margherita pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella was so boring i left it alone after a couple bites.  the pan-seared
scallops with garlic parsnip pure, crispy capers, and white truffle oil were pretty tasty, at least.  the scallops were of
scallops were of fair quality, cooked gently, and the flavors of the dish came together nicely.  unfortunately, the meal ended
bone marrow (:
roasted garlic & dalia's bell peppers.  wow, both of these were awesome.  i don't have a fav of the too,
polenta cakes), but i'm always for tryin things and making your own mistakes. 
rainbow beets which is an assortment of different types of beets. this dish was good but the beets were a little too
scallops which came in a puree sauce and white truffle oil. this dish was also good but only came with 2
white pizza which came with bacon and scallions. 
chicken breast was great!  it was like a piccata, and it was topping this thick, savory hashbrown-type potato patty.  sadly,
scallops were tender and sweet.  i could have had more of the scallops.
roasted garlic and balsamic, or a white bean concoction.  favorite.
artichoke hearts with parmesan (these poor guys came out last and compared to everything before them, they really never had a chance.)
white pizza was yummy also, but of course that's because there's bacon on it.  and bacon just makes everything taste better.
panini (gruyere, heirloom tomato and basil)
bruschette was....ok. bacon n brie pizza was yummy, we loved the cauliflower, but the mac n cheese was bland (ask for
panini was good, but we hated the dessert (cookie dough, choc ganache, walnts n cream).  ok service. for the place
bacaro burger was my personal fav. we had two orders of the hangar steak and both tasty different, which was a little
mac and cheese is delicious as well as the poached shrimp and seared scallop. seriously haven't tried a dish that i didnt enjoy
poached shrimp and seared scallop. seriously haven't tried a dish that i didnt enjoy yet!
scallops w/ carrot puree and white truffle oil: 5/5
scallops are to die for as well as the artichoke and brussels sprouts!
artichoke hearts dishes stood out. the interior had a very industrialized feel to it. very different (for me at least) and i
scallops  (only two scallops; but amazing texture and flavor)
bacaro burger with fried egg  (an explosion of surprises- my favorite)
roasted garlic one definitely stood out more than the other. it was slightly sweet, very aromatic, and i love the different tectures
pig ears with chipotle aioli- i've had pig ears before but not fried. i was surprised by the tecture at first since
pig ears before but not fried. i was surprised by the tecture at first since it was crunchy & chewy at the
bone marrow w/ balsamic reduction, sea salt, & baguette- hmmm, this was alright, it didnt seem like there was much in the
bone marrow to begin with and i could only really taste the balsamic reduction
scallops with sauteed market corn, scallions & cherry tomatoes- this was very very good. it only comes with 2 scallops tho,
scallops tho, so that made me a bit sad. the scallop was fresh & cooked to perfection.
scallops + corn.  also went well with the lamb sliders (delicious btw).
mac and cheese to pig ears! hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
polenta square all to myself.  they did inform us that all of their produce is organic, which is good to
panini (so simple yet so good), or the gorgonzola, date, and walnut crostini...very interesting.
scallops to begin with. my least 
artichoke hearts were probably the best i ever had.
roasted garlic pizza - though delicious, perhaps not the right choice for that particular occasion!)
polenta squares with eggplant, the beet salad with goat cheese, the fried artichokes and definitely do the bacaro burger with friend
bacaro burger with friend egg!! 
scallops that came out were perfectly seared and i couldn't get enough of the relish and the puree that accompanied it.
bacaro burger was slightly run of the mill but i liked the way that it was really cooked medium rare and not
bacaro burger with the fried egg.. a++
polenta with eggplant, the artichokes, all the crostini, and the bread pudding for dessert.  however, everything we had was amazing.
chicken breast on the risotto parmesan cake in the caper sauce also recommended.  
scallops were cooked perfectly and sauteed in a light, tasty broth with sweet corn.  soooo good!
white pizza and bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes you full quickly because of the full taste.
bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes you full quickly because of the full taste.
bacaro burger w/egg = i just went to heaven.
bacaro burger i definitely order that with a fried egg on top. i think it's not that their pizzas aren't good, but
polenta and the black forest ham and basil pesto panini. we also decided to get the olive & almonds and brown
brown butter cookie dough for dessert. here's how each dish went:
bone marrow and don't waste your money on bacaro la's rendition.
bacon and brie worked magically together. this was definitely up there with the bacaro burger.
panini is here to save the day.
bacaro burger ** this is an absolute must!!** it was so  
panini with gruyere cheese, pastrami and caramelized onions, and mac and cheese. everything was amazingly good. these were small plates, but
mac and cheese alone...i will go back for. 
panini with strawberries. she loved it.
bacaro burger with the fried egg. so, so good.
scallops 5 stars excellent- fresh and delicious
polenta squares with sauteed eggplant, garlic and olives and there were a few plates of pan fried scallops floating around the
scallops floating around the table....hungry yet?
bacaro burger is my favorite!!  love the eggs with beef cooked medium rare.
bacon and brie pizza that was zomg amazing, followed by the famous and equally delicious burger with egg (served open face).  we
scallops are heaven. the burgers is among my favorite burgers ever (with the egg on top). the lamb stuffed eggplant is
lamb stuffed eggplant is amazing. and honestly, the cauliflower is the best cauliflower i've ever had (and i don't like cauliflower). i can
scallops with corn are on the menu try them, easily the best thing i've eaten in recent memory. great food in
scallops on top of parsnip puree. there was nothing overly exciting about this, especially given the portion (three tiny scallops) and
nutella panino with strawberry slices. i love nutella, i love bread, and i love strawberries, but i hated this thing. it felt
bacaro burger and paninis (though the paninis are somewhat salty). the only thing i really dont care for are the desserts. they
bruschette (very good)
mac and cheese parmesan, cheddar, point reyes blue, mozzarella, with white truffle panko (omg! i'm not really a big fan of mac &
roasted garlic pizza, pan seared scallop on a corn, cherry tomatoes, chive sauce, open faced burger (grass fed beef) with some kind
roasted garlic and another topped with fire roasted red peppers
bacaro burger with the additional fried egg: no brainer for coming to this place. get it rare or pan-seared.
panini with tomatoes and basil pesto: delicious
margherita pizza, brie and bacon pizza, roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. for dessert, the bread pudding. 
roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. for dessert, the bread pudding. 
lamb burger was amazingly juicy and the parsley tahini sauce complemented it so nicely. i'll throw this in there just because my
margherita pizza and it came burnt. :( i was also in a rush when they brought the check so i had
roasted garlic pizza and actually preferred that one.  the crust is thin, crispy and light just the way i like it.
scallops were perfectly cooked where it had a nice crisp on the outside with oh so tender and flavorful meat in
mac and cheese was incredible, and the open faced burger with a fried egg was phenomenal. good selection of wine and specialty beers!
scallops take you to flavortown in that bold parsnip puree (my fav dish!)
scallops with the carrot puree and (i think?) pickled fennel...i'm unsure. but it was delectable! i adore scallops, and this dish
bacaro burger is also good, get it with the fried egg. 
white pizza and the margarita (where's the basil!). both kind of tasted the same, and both were salty. i'd skip out of
panini and their burgers to come out. i though they went out to catch a cow and make it fresh from
nutella panino for dessert is lovely too. 
bacaro burger and pan-seared scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed blt was over-cooked and it just tasted like
scallops were just fine.  the bacon for the deconstructed blt was over-cooked and it just tasted like charcoal so it
margherita pizza which is basically just cheese pizza.  there's no basil!  my mind doesn't comprehend.......haha.  best dish of
bacaro burger w/fried egg: whoa. i think i made the mistake of having this last. it was way too rich. the burger
scallops lovingly nestled in a bed of sweet corn and cherry tomatoes. the cherry tomatoes gave it that nice acidic zing.
roasted garlic pizza: roasted garlic, i love you. as a korean i am unashamed of my intense love for anything garlic. bacaro
roasted garlic jewels. ... okay, so not a first date kind of dish, but hey, if he was really into you, he
bacaro burger (i love the egg on top!! almost loco moco status!)
chicken breast (the lemony sauce is heaven)
panini (!!! must-try! nutella is the patron saint of college students... and it comes with strawberries or bananas. i'm drooling just
bone marrow w/ baguette was devine and the chicken and burgers are drool-worthy. as many times as i said, "i'll try something
brown butter cookie dough for dessert.  i don't even like cookie dough... :)
mac and cheese and a pizza. the pizza was not as remarkable as the rest of the meal but everything else was phenomenal.
bacaro burger with fried egg (over easy).  heaven!
bruschette with tuscan white bean - - big hunka bread with beans piled on top, lemony, refreshing
bruschette with roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
roasted garlic - - sweet & garlicky
bacaro burger - open-faced with a cute fried egg on top. yom
poached shrimp with lots of basil and sweet chili sauce: good shrimp swimming in lots of sweeter-than-spicy (or tangy) chili sauce; slightly
panini with bicycle honey wheat bread, nutella and banana: sweet sandwich grilled? yes. not too sweet and the best part, they
panini for my bro, who devoured it in 10 seconds flat. crostini, two beers, a panini for around $20 something dollars.
panini for around $20 something dollars. yum!
scallops being overly salted, i'd recommend most of the cicheti that we tasted. they include:
roasted garlic cloves on cichetti, need i say more!).  everything is written up on a chalk board wall but the waiters
scallops are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? i'm practically letting you steal from me! even at $5 during happy hour....almost couldn't
chicken breast was really really dry, the bed of risotto it came ontop of was fried so it was like mcdonald's hashbrowns,
polenta squares with eggplant
caprese salad was fresh, i really liked the pesto on the side. the polenta squares were alright - too much acid =
polenta squares were alright - too much acid = killing my tastebuds. the crostini looked really good but some of the
bacaro burger which looked really good! i am for sure trying that next time. 
bruschette with tuscan white beans (damned good!), polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions
polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious sauce), and the
bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious sauce), and the roasted artichoke (damned good). the olive plate is good,
bruschette and crostinis. i'd highly recommend the 1. roasted garlic, balsamic, & basil pesto. and the 2. tomato and basil bruschette.
polenta with eggplant, and it was surprisingly good.  it also paired nicely with the monterey county pinot noir.
scallops were done perfectly.  the grilled hangar steak was delicious.  i could taste the thyme in it.  the
panini for dessert (seemed like white bread with nutella spread with a small strawberry on the side).  i'd pass on
panini (basil pesto, carmelized onions), and scallops.  i really wanted to save room for dessert because i love me some
panini was whatever, tasted generally ordinary.  the scallops were pretty good, for some reason i really don't remember them at
scallops were pretty good, for some reason i really don't remember them at all.  the beet salad was good and
bacaro burger is amazing (open faced and the perfect size). their bruschette and crostini are great appetizer options.  
bruschette and crostini are great appetizer options.  
bacaro burger with a fried egg! must try. this place is so also decently priced with $5 a plate during happy hour!
scallops and the bread pudding for dessert. an absolutely wonderful hidden gem in the usc area. 
mac and cheese should be called shells and cheese soup
scallops were okay, but gritty
polenta cake was so good! the bruschetta blew my mind, mac and cheese was sooooo rich and yummy! the lamb stuffed
mac and cheese was sooooo rich and yummy! the lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing i just didnt want it to end! 
lamb stuffed eggplant was life changing i just didnt want it to end! 
bacaro burger with a fried egg on top, i'm still not quit sure what's in the burger... but i pretty much licked
mac and cheese was really good, but i found the garlic pizza to be a bit too salty. 
scallops i like are from hatfield's.  2 stars.
bacaro burger with fried egg:  i really like this burger.  4 stars.
scallops and the bacaro burger. wish the place was more roomy but you can say it's part of the experience :)
bacon and brie pizza and the burger).  yes, i used too many parentheses in this review.  yes, i spent way too
poached shrimp and noa's cauliflower, and i had my eyes on the fried egg pizza and the lamb stuffed eggplant--all of which
poached shrimp went so well with the citrus chili sauce, topped with basil (and apparently parsley as well? i did not taste
white pizza was also tasty, yet a bit too salty. i know salty is a common theme when it comes to bar
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic. i almost forgot to mention the noa's cauliflower. this was presented and cooked
scallops were quite large - they were ho-hum. the nutella panino was quite a treat. i didn't think i would like
nutella panino was quite a treat. i didn't think i would like or would want to have dessert, it was quite good.
rainbow beets with chevre and taragon - nice starter.  the taragon really kicked it up. 
bacaro burger with fried egg - rich and flavorful.  make sure to get the egg!
scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic - again very good flavors.
bacaro burger is a must, i get it every time. not only do you want to eat the beef with your hands,
mac and cheese yeeeeum. helloooo truffle oil! 
polenta was really good. i forget what was on top; i think it was eggplant. i don't usually like eggplant or
polenta all that much either, but this was tasty and i liked it the best.
bacaro burger and grilled gruyere paninis were my favorite dishes. i also enjoyed the caprese salad, prosciutto and pan-seared scallops. however, i
panini and the fillet mignon with foie gras as our main courses, and loved them both.  the duck confit panini
panini had goat cheese which made it tangy and tasty.  the fillet mignon was perfectly cooked, and was just as
bacon and brie pizza- doesn't that just make your mouth water?! 
scallops came with 2 scallops, the grilled chicken was at most the size of my palm, and the deconstructed blt was
panini are really, really good (the caramelised onion... wow) as are the pizzas.  so if you're with a group, and
bruschette - heirloom tomato and roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic one, but the tomato was good)
roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic one, but the tomato was good)
bruschette into 4 little pieces - we had to order more!  
bacaro burger - really delicious!  except it wasn't served on a burger bun, it came on 2 pieces of a thick
scallops - this dish was good, it came with a mixture of corn and tomatoes bui they should leave out the
white pizza was mouthwatering!  every bite you could feel the cheese and bacon melt into your mouth...mmm i'm salivating just thinking
lamb stuffed eggplant (i was strongly against this as i am strongly against vegetables in general but i am telling you: this. was.
chicken breast and the hangar steak.  all of them were really good, but i would definitely get the mac & cheese
white pizza (bacon, hi) was so good. i almost didn't want to share.
bacaro burger were my top 3 favorites. the food also came out fairly quickly and in good pace (2 plates at a
polenta with eggplant tapenade
bacaro burger (with egg), di staffano's burrata, house-cured olives and bacaro's homemade ice cream.
white pizza i got was very saltty! everyone loves the burger (with egg).
bacaro burger was overwhelming in appearance and flavor in a good way.
bacon and brie pizza (yum!) and each had our own panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his, roast beef and cheddar)
panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his, roast beef and cheddar) since we were hungry and heard the plate
"noa's" cauliflower - you've never had cauliflower like this before, so much flavor it's almost overwhelming
bacaro burger - open-faced and decadent
burrata di stefano - simply amazing, a staple every time we go
bruschette - the tomato and the tuscan white bean..mmmm
bacaro burger or $7 for prosciutto di parma, which is just sweet butter on a baguette...that's a pretty big difference in product
scallops were unbelievable.  hangar steak also very good.
scallops had the best taste!!!! i can't believe that it was tucked back on union so subtle. happy hour here i
bacaro burger with an egg ( +$1) , its really good  and their panninis fill you up too ( i like
scallops at first. the blossoms were not their strength but the scallops were good. then i ordered the bruschetta with tuscan
scallops were good. then i ordered the bruschetta with tuscan white beans another bruschetta with peppers and an eggplant pizza. if
scallops fan, but the corn relish sauce was to die for)
scallops and the open face burger. they also have great wine selections.
panini with caramelized onions perfectly accompanied the wine.  the best part was that they poured with a heavy hand. 
bacaro burger (w/ the egg...amazingness), the scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the balsamic reduction), the bacon and brie pizza
scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the balsamic reduction), the bacon and brie pizza (do i need to explain
bacon and brie pizza (do i need to explain why its so delish!?!?), the honey thyme chicken (eh not my fav), hanger steak
caprese salad (which i loved! they ran out of basil pesto, but simple basil is perfect for me) 
bacon and brie pizza. those were probably the best things i had.
artichoke hearts & parm, grilled panino with caramelized onions, sliders, and beef cheeks with polenta. it was all glorious! 
bruschette (tomato and basil/dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers), bacaro burger, margherita and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite
margherita and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro burger.  you must order this with the
roasted garlic pizzas, 2 chimays.  my favorite was the bacaro burger.  you must order this with the fried egg. 
scallops and a variety of flatbread pizzas. this is the perfect place for a few glasses of wine and some tapas-sized
margherita pizza, the chipotle cauliflower and the mac and cheese. my favorite was the cauliflower hands down. please don't pass on
polenta square, handcrafted salumi, the cheese, and crostini platters. i would suggest some uniformity in the sizes of the "cicheti" (snacks),
roasted garlic bruchette, scallops, and roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
bruschette with roasted garlic!
scallops and the artichoke hearts. 
margherita is a straight-up cheese pizza lacking the conspicuous fresh mozarella slabs, saucy sauce, and basil- still a convenient way to
poached shrimp with citrus sauce and fennel.  they don't mess around with these tapas style poached shrimps.  i guess you
artichoke hearts bro, you know them girls love them artichokes, some new age vegetable sh**.  gotta order this one, it's got
scallops are great, so is the beefstake but i believe their assortment of cheese is where this place stands-out from other
margherita pizza.  i left more than full.  everything we ate was amazing.  the seasoning and sauces were just
caprese salad with pesto is yummy.  for dessert, their bread pudding wants you going back for more. it's dangerously good. 
panini which was perfect portion and delicious.  i rarely drink alcohol but the prangster beer they have here is sooo
bacaro ice cream which was $5..it was good but not something i would crave to have again.
chicken breast -- way too sour and the jalapeno & lemon sauce just didn't work for me. the chicken was tender and
poached shrimp - very crisp, sweet and spicy
bruschette - roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto. yum~
"noa's" cauliflower - with chipotle aioli and mixed greens
bacaro burger - this will fill you up. remember to add fried egg on top ($1 extra)
scallops - another must try!
nutella panino are good~
scallops when they come with carrot and fennel)
bruschette w/ pesto
margherita pizza, caprese salad, bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we really enjoyed everything we had, with the added
bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. we really enjoyed everything we had, with the added bonus of seeing plates on
pig ears (delectable and so savory), the bone marrow ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing),  the lamb burger ( i
bone marrow ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing),  the lamb burger ( i ordered it medium well and it was
lamb burger ( i ordered it medium well and it was perfectly cooked and covered in their green tzaziki sauce, and the
bacaro burger with the fried egg - amazing and the friend egg was cooked perfectly and oozed right down the the angus
bone marrow and the garlic pizza - crispy garlicky and savory, and they also had a bacaro burger each.
bacaro burger each.
bacaro burger was ordered because it's one of the top dishes people rave about. just look at how many photos of it
chicken breast and the grilled petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto cake that comes with the chicken and not
petite fillet was quite mediocre. fyi, it's a risotto cake that comes with the chicken and not your typical normal risotto. i
roasted garlic pizza made on super thin crust that was very warm, moist, yet the texture was still crunchy. we enjoyed the
roasted garlic cloves and i wished we had ordered maybe two of these. tasty treat indeed!
bacaro burger with egg).  their "beefsteak sunday" events (first sunday of each month generally) is a definite must- all you eat
panini with cheddar and mushrooms
bacaro burger - served open face with caramelized onions, slices of cherry tomatoes and an aioli; artichoke hearts - tender and flavorful
artichoke hearts - tender and flavorful with golden brown parmiggiano reggiano on top.
poached shrimp - delicious!  love the citrus chili sauce.
panini (roast beef, mushroom & gruyere) - a bit on the salty side, but cooked perfectly and love the build-it-yourself aspect.
scallops - came in a butter sauce instead of white truffle oil.  didn't really care for it and probably wouldn't
bacaro burger - we ordered 2 and one came out really delicious with the beef very tender. however, the patty of the
panini - really yummy and filling! definitely get this to ensure you are full at the end of the meal.
brown butter cookie dough and it was the weirdest dessert ever. the walnuts and whipped cream were in their own compartments and the cookie
scallops when i'm there next!
roasted garlic pizza, and crostini!!) and i walked away super satisfied! fyi: for dessert, get the warm bread pudding with vanilla ice
panini (the boyfriend's favorite)
roasted garlic w/ pesto which had a god awful amount of garlic) 
roasted garlic bruschetta, the barrata, the burger was to die for! the cauliflower was cooked perfectly and had the most interesting spicy
chicken breast with risotto cake and the open faced burger. omg, that burger! order it with the fried egg and you swear
scallops were amazing, and the panini was really tasty.   it's pretty small, but really cozy and cute.  we
panini was really tasty.   it's pretty small, but really cozy and cute.  we were there with an extremely
mac and cheese + all the desserts.  and of course, all the booze.
roasted garlic pizza has been my favorite eat so far!  huge cloves of garlic topped the perfect crust and light layer
scallops were cooked perfectly and served in a (very hot) dish with a corn and cherry tomato mix.  the lamb
lamb burger was exceptional.  such a wonderful variety of flavors.  the macaroni and cheese was solid.  not amazing, but
bacaro burger (with fried egg of course!) was great.  we could have shared another!  again, the mix of flavors was
roasted garlic and sea salt mixed in.  really good.
panini is wonderful. i wasn't blown away by the burger like a few other folks. the scallops are delicious! our server
scallops are delicious! our server suggested a white wine that perfectly complemented the flavor. and everything was $5 each for happy
bacon and brie grilled pizza and it was beyond delish! perfect mix of everything i would want on a slice! loved it. we
margherita grilled pizza.  the poached shrimp sits in a citrus chili sauce that's got a good kick.  the scallop
poached shrimp sits in a citrus chili sauce that's got a good kick.  the scallop was definitely our favorite.  the
margherita is your traditional pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella.  the crust is great but what stood out to me
scallops with garlic parnship puree crispy capers & white truffle oil was excellent indeed!! we actually ended up ordering 2. 
bacaro burger made with estancia grass-fed beef & fried egg was also excellent! but for $5, you can get 2 in &
bacaro burger ... soo good. its always cooked exactly how i wanted it. the other food i've had there is also delicious,
bacaro burger and cauliflower dish i had.  and, the monday night prices - 1/2 price glasses and $5 menu items 5-7p-
mac and cheese to more adventurous, "trendy" dishes such as roasted bone marrow and fried pig ears. all of the food was great
bone marrow and fried pig ears. all of the food was great and the portion size just right for tapas (they are
margherita pizza looked and tasted like a regular old cheese pizza. maybe i'm being a princess, but i expect margherita pizzas
margherita pizzas to have dollops of fresh mozzarella and some basil on top. this was really just kind of disappointing.
bacaro burger with fried egg and the scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had very unique sauces which i thought was the
scallops dish was phenomenal! both dishes had very unique sauces which i thought was the key to the deliciousness. 
white pizza was way too salty.
scallops (a little too undercooked for my liking but i still gobbled it up), the panini with gruyere and tomatoes, and
panini with gruyere and tomatoes, and pesto basil (so so so good), 4 different cheeses which came with regular bread and
polenta eggplant.. amazing.
nutella panino are solid food choices.  despite not being capable of drinking, i will sneak an occasional glass of moscato here
scallops or a four-slice pizza topped with bacon bits and brie.  it's also somewhat overpriced for what you get. 
roasted garlic pieces.  it was amazing if not a little haphazard trying to get it into our mouths.  i wanted
bacaro burger with fried egg, roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro mac and cheese with bacon.
roasted garlic grilled pizza, oven roasted bone marrow, bacaro mac and cheese with bacon.
mac and cheese with bacon.
roasted garlic grilled pizza was the clear winner here. there was a good spice in the sauce which surprised us. a second
bacaro burger with fried egg was second best. this open faced burger got most of it's flavor from the seasoned medium rare
bone marrow and the mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of
mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. the bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread which to me
bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread which to me did not match any of our other tapas dishes
mac and cheese was not as flavorful as it could have been either even with the truffle help. there's more menu items to
panini was awesome too. the bruschettas were ok and i was expecting more from the crispy pig ears and the bone
pig ears and the bone marrow. we also ordered the bacaro burger with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but overall the
bacaro burger with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but overall the food was good.
chicken breast when we ordered the chicken panini - and the server looked at us like we were lying or something.. that
panini - and the server looked at us like we were lying or something.. that was kinda lame...
scallops were a bit small for the bear's appetite, but all in all, the flavors of every dish were worthy to
bacaro burger and lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear washed it all down with some wonderful white
lamb stuffed eggplant are beyond amazing! growl!!!   the bear washed it all down with some wonderful white wine.  what a
bacaro burger because i chose to go with the lamb burger instead.
lamb burger instead.
lamb burger was delicious and was juicy and flavorful and no "lamb" taste, at least not the taste of lamb that's not
bone marrow was extremely light and sure hit the spot. the pork belly skewers were phenomenal and just seasoned perfectly, i felt
