tartufo italiano al cioccolato (chocolate gelato with hazelnuts and espresso -- not vegan, i know), and rita had a special dessert, a lemon torte.
gelato with hazelnuts and espresso -- not vegan, i know), and rita had a special dessert, a lemon torte.  this
tiramisu is very sweet and bubbly, not the normal heavy kind that i've eaten before. we also had a chocolate torte
tortelloni bufalina which was light but tasted like you could make it in about 3 minutes.  i had the papaderlle with
gelato were consumed. the espressos are of perfect bitterness and all of the larger coffee drinks (lattes, mochas, etc) scream "pretty
gelato by all fricken means try it!!!!!! seriously, it's the mambo for your tastebuds followed by a smooth glide. it's not
gelato was served with cocoa and hazelnuts and then one shot of espresso was poured over the delicious concoction bringing everything
gelato with a candle on it while i was in the bathroom. :) 
tiramisu when you can have a country apple tart with a polenta (corn) crust with cinnamon cream sauce?
polpettine di anatra e tacchino for appetizer.  can't go wrong with either tagliata di bue salutare (sliced new york steak with a balsalmic reduction
tagliata di bue salutare (sliced new york steak with a balsalmic reduction sauce over arugula) and linguine fradiavolo.  a few of my lady
gelato is divine! opt for the one topped with fresh seasonal fruit. it's a bit pricey at ~$8, but if you
gelato daily at the store. it's topped with a mildly sweet syrup. the seasonal fruit was blueberries and raspberry at the
insalata bufala were great.  a fun and comprehensive wine list, with some welcome explanatory text that didn't require oenosnobbistic tendencies to
tiramisu for dessert and it was one of the worst that i have ever had (one of the worst, not the
tiramisu department--it was basically just cream and chocolate on the top.  not very tasty.  and it was especially disappointing
insalata bufala which had grilled marinated eggplant, fresh mozzarella, organic roma tomatoes, arugula, basil, and capers in a red wine vinaigrette dressing.
tiramisu for our dessert.  it had a lot of cocoa powder.  the mascarpone was creamy & tasty.
tiramisu proved a good ending but could not carry the whole show.  we will probably give buona tavola another try
affettati misti (a fantastic way to start your meal - the prosciutto from parma melted in my mouth and the combination of
fettuccine al sugo di carni miste (from the first bite, i thought, 'now this must have been cooked for 3 hours' - to die for!)
tortiglioni del buon gustaio (hubby's)
affettati misti for two, an assortment of salami, cheeses, and a perfectly made nduja spread which was not too spicy and not
minestrone zuppe! very authentic and thick with tuscan beans and a dash of basil pesto. soo soo good, i want some
