lasagna (seasoned sparingly and baked well) and she had a house salad and lasagna. we brought her five month old daughter
house salad and lasagna. we brought her five month old daughter who was fawned over by the employees and patrons alike. adorable
linguine diavolo i had was awesome.  the service was great, our waiter was extremely attentive and shot the breeze with us
spaghetti & meatballs and i love the penne pasta with asparagus.  we also really like their pizzas -- not the
mussels and crab claws priced under $10 at a casual restaurant? 
gnocchi with pesto - two basic dishes. 
parmesan and whatever else was in it.  it was the perfect amount of salad, too.  some places are a
crawfish ravioli which was really good. it was just a little cold cause we were slow to go pick it up. my
cheese ravioli with marinara sauce. they were both really good. i had enough for left overs for dinner (i can't wait). it
calamari 
lasagna and shrimp. i give it 3 stars because although the food is good and satisfying, it is still italian "fast
crawfish ravioli and i had the veal saltimbocca. our server was helpful and honest. the establishment is casual and unpretentious. how can
spaghetti (for the first time) as an accompaniment to my veal which just a basic/light tomato sauce on top which should
chicken braciolentini which was absolutely sinful. portions are good sized so there's usually plenty left over for lunch the next day. my
wild mushroom and walnut tortellini which is black pepper pasta stuffed with assorted wild mushrooms, walnuts and cheeses in a white wine lemon butter sauce.
crawfish ravioli and it had the tiniest tails i have ever seen in my life. you really had to look at them
house salad with creamy dressing and the mini cannoli. and the crispy snapper. and the gnocci. and... everything!! i've tried many desserts
lasagna was a little bit salty. i mean i shouldn't have even added parmesan cheese, it really put it over the
parmesan cheese, it really put it over the top. next time i'm going to just cover it in crushed red pepper
parmesan shaker on every table so you don't have to ask for one every time. plenty of pepper to go around.
mussels in lemon butter sauce, which was very nice. i was also pleased that nearly all of the mussels had opened.
mussels had opened. the sauce was perfect for dipping with bread. it was a large portion so could be ordered as
crawfish ravioli that's topped with crawfish, you won't be disappointed.
tortellini genovese and it was better than advertised. italian cuisine is one of my all-time favorites and this place is going to
spaghetti with meat balls and crawfish (crayfish, whatever) ravioli.  there is also a steam table lunch special.  between 11-2pm,
chicken braciolentini to finish?). our friend had the chicken armando, and i don't think she was very impressed with it, but it
