risotto and my sister had a garden salad.  i win.
calamari was good as well.
orecchiette and gnocchi are also excellent pasta dishes.  
gnocchi are also excellent pasta dishes.  
calamari was some of the best i've had. once we were seated the service was attentive and professional. our experience before
linguine del golfo which has a pesto sauce and shrimps, scallops, and mussels in it.  the polenta is a great
linguine with shrimp and scallop was ehhhh.  for a summer dish, the pasta is too overcooked, the pesto sauce is
risotto con peperonata e caprino from their specials menu and was raving the entire time. i had the ravioli con caprino
ravioli con caprino and holy lord was that delicious. rich, but very delicious. if you love goat cheese as much as i do,
gnocchi con pancetta affumicato e gamberi, au got the orecchiette rustica, and i had the spezzaino di cinghiale. a bunch of
orecchiette rustica, and i had the spezzaino di cinghiale. a bunch of fancy italian words for mediocre. cl's gnocchi was served
gnocchi was served with shrimp and applewood bacon in a tomato sauce with red pepper flakes for a kick. it was
orecchiette was served with sweet italian sausage, broccolini, and radicchio. it was decent. i think it could have used more garlic
risotto dish that was a special that week. then i asked myself, "when else am i going to have wild boar?"
pappardelle pasta." the description is delicious on paper, but honestly... i can do better than this in my kitchen at home.
margherita pizza appetizer and butternut squash soup.  the pizza dough was thick and chewy, and the soup a little salty.
minestrone was really tasty. i did not expect to be greeted by a pile of pesto and have the waitress decant
risotto ball fried into disgusting-ness, my pasta was swimming in a bowl of water, and the service was terrible.
linguine dish with tomatoes, garlic, and mushrooms. everything about it was so fresh (including the pasta, which was also perfectly cooked),
calamari i have ever tasted. literally. i try calamari everywhere and this place has it perfected!
calamari everywhere and this place has it perfected!
gnocchi and his was delicious as well. overall, a great experience as always. we got to sit upstairs this time. the
calamari was delicious. a nice place to go for an occasion.
calamari and the fileto di manzo.
ravioli con salsa di noci and my favorite meal is the penne con pollo e pumate.
penne con pollo e pumate.
pollo e pumate.
gnocchi with shrimp, apple wood bacon in a tomato sauce with a sprinkling of red pepper flakes just to spice it
gnocchi very tasty. i couldn't help myself but to try the tuna again to make sure consistency can come from the
risotto mixed with cheese (incredible).the only thing i can say about this dish (if you're a tuna lover) is try it
pappardelle special (rock shrimp, spinach, and a goat cheese and red pepper cream sauce). both dishes were fantastic - it is
calamari and the antipasti sampler. and the wine selection is not only impressive, but fairly priced compared to some of the
fettuccine with tomato, basil and wild mushrooms as an entre.
calamari appetizer was chewy, and my salmon was overcooked... the gnocchi and the sauce that came with the salmon were fine,
gnocchi and the sauce that came with the salmon were fine, but... not exactly what is center stage.  the boyfriend
gnocchi .  both fantastic.  best meal in ann arbor in 2 yrs.  limoncello was excellent and very nice
risotto for the lunch was a good portion and pretty good. i had an amazing cannoli with fresh fruit that made
