caprese salad and flatbread with goat cheese and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great.
cheese and honey. both appetizers were a good portion size and the food tasted great. for entrees i had the shrimp
gnocchi was average at best.  i enjoyed the gorgonzola and blue cheese chunks in it but i could have done
cheese chunks in it but i could have done without the walnuts.
tiramisu was delish--def enough for two people to share.  you get three diff flavors and they are all amazing. 
cheese plate with three cheeses - we chose the taleggio, mimolette and gorgonzola dolce.  they were all great and all
mushroom risotto was one of the best i ever had - feigning for more now. the tiramusu dessert was like a birthday
scallops were amazing!! some of the best i've had around town.
mushroom risotto was what we were looking forward to the most, but the consensus of the table was that it was just
mussels were fresh, even if a bit on the small side, but the sauce they were cooked in was well-balanced, not
cheese and garlic.  the duck was also fabulous, not oily at all, and full of game-y duck-y goodness.  the
cheese plate, and it was served with toast ovals, honey comb and various fruit preserves.  all very good.  the
carpaccio and the slices of grapefruit were a sweet complement 
calamari with spicy aioli (it was more like a bland remoulade sauce), mussels with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus
mussels with a tomato/corn relish (delicious) and an avocado/citrus salad (which was not very balance-dressing just tasted oily).  we were
scallops for dinner.  food was beautifully plated and taste was great.  we will be back for dinner and drinks.
cheese and parmagram. the meat was absolutely fantastic and cooked exactly to order. the sweet potatoes were much better than expected
caprese salad was excellent.  the beef carpaccio was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my
carpaccio was delicious, though sliced a bit to thin for my taste.  my boyfriend disagreed, but i'd prefer mine a
filet with sides instead of ala carte - especially since all other menu items have sides included. however, it was cooked
scallops with risotto and then sides of gnocchi and spinach.
gnocchi and spinach.
scallops was incredible.  and the searing on the scallops...magnificanto!
duck confit - loved the flavors but the duck itself was too salty.   duck leg was crispy on outside and
scallops - perfectly prepared.  four scallops, creamy mushroom risotto and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the
mushroom risotto and a green sauce/orange oil that i didn't catch.  the only thing  i didn't like was the leafy
flat bread -  amazing!  the honey and garlic took away the richness of the goat cheese and the prosciutto provided
cheese and the prosciutto provided some saltiness.  the flat bread was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the
flat bread was extra crispy so the drizzled honey didn't soften the texture.  my favorite dish here so far!
tiramisu trio.  the regular was good, with the banana coming in second.  the lemon?  not so much. 
caprese salad was a big hit and i thoroughly enjoyed my arugula salad with shaved parm and citrus segments.  all
scallops in my opinion and the short ribs (especially with the pesto mash!!) although everybody thought there dishes were great. 
tiramisu sampler and chocolate cake for dessert...killer!!!
carpaccio horrible. take a lot of time on presentation but the not on taste .  go up the street to
mushroom risotto that sounded so delicious that we just had to have dinner there.  caveat: my meal took place after a
mushroom risotto was great, as was the potato gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced
gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  best of all, they have very reasonably priced half portions and sides, so you can
mussels & clams though, and they were small, too. clams tasted good but the mussels tasted a little fishy. regretted that
mussels tasted a little fishy. regretted that we didn't get the marinated grilled artichokes - next time! might even consider getting
mushroom risotto on goat cheese. yum - you can never go wrong w/ fried :)
mussels & clams app. mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion which was
mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. pasta was bland. i got the full portion which was generous but not enough
mushroom risotto and the pappardelle bolognese.
scallops ($26)
scallops were very good, along with the wild mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review
mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. haha - this review is based on just one bite :)
halibut came w/ mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grilled corn, and corn butter. again, this is based on just one bite :) i
carpaccio was topped with their olive tapenade apparently, which they will happily give you a bookmark with the recipe for if
carpaccio option. after all, this is where the name pacci was derived. i would have accepted a smaller version of their
mussels appetizer was enormous, i was highly disappointed with pacci's mussels and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying
mussels and clams course. i felt like i needed a magnifying glass to find the mussels which were about a quarter
mussels which were about a quarter of the size needed to fill their shell. the broth wasn't very special, too heavy
polenta was a nice accompaniment.
carpaccio as an appetizer!
caprese salad, which one of our waiters informed me was the best salad on the menu.  i didn't get to
mussels and more delicious bread!  dr. atkins would have wrinkled his nose at the amount of bread i ate at
mussels and clams appetizer was very good.  i had the mushroom risotto and the bf had the short ribs. both
mushroom risotto and the bf had the short ribs. both were so good! risotto was was moist and not overcooked with a
caprese salad was quite a special treat with the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.  the duck comfit is really that
halibut and it was really good.  the total show stealer though was the rack of lamb.  this was another
carpaccio of tuna and kobe. both were delicious and a pretty good start to the meal. i initially wanted a light
cheese crostini which was so lush..............i ordered the citrus and avocado salad which was also very lush......as we finished our salads
carpaccio (even a fruit carpaccio in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest and tie
carpaccio in the am hours), justin timberlake look-a-like waiters (when he was in his vest and tie phase), and a soaring
duck confit to start. the tuna carpaccio and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with the
carpaccio and duck were must trys. we did a posta course as a table with the mushroom risotto (amazing flavors) and
mushroom risotto (amazing flavors) and the gnocchi (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye with
gnocchi (way heavy dish). the special of the day was a bone in rib eye with a truffle/eggplant puree. yum. on
sauces but tastes delicious on it's own). for dessert i ordered the pana cotta (came with fresh blueberries and apricot -
pacci pup treats (dog biscuits) on the dessert menu to take home to your furry friend. our waiter gave us a bag
