bruschetta (awesome)
rustica (awesome)
salmon alfredo dish. after trying all those dishes i was never disappointed. their pasta is great i highly recommend anyone in
tortellini primavera ($7.95) is a nice light pasta with a creamy tomato sauce. it has loads of vegetables for those that want
salmon is the most expensive dish at $10.95, but it's not bad of a dish for those that love salmon. personally
calamari is fried very well, next time i'll ask them to make it more salt and peppery.  friends got the
crab cakes as an appetizer and the marco polo and beef lasagna as our entree. the crab cake was so good. probably
beef lasagna as our entree. the crab cake was so good. probably one of the best that i've ever had. it came
crab cakes on sliced napa cabage salad with ranch sauce. the salad was really good too. i'd never have thought that eating
beef lasagna and i had the marco polo. i'd  have to say that the beef lasagna is the best lasagna hands
beef lasagna is the best lasagna hands down. there's no way you can get the lasagna that soft unless its made themselves.
chicken marsala and gnocchi sausage...but before we dive into the goodness of food, let me mention this place is very spacious unlike
chicken breast and mushroom and fettuccini. the chicken isn't dry and goes well with the mushroom and wine sauce. 4 stars; would
gnocchi sausage and the gamberetto. don't forget to try the tiramisu!
cheesecake & tiramisu is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
tiramisu is love!!!! especially the tiramisu! they are both only 3 buckssss!
gamberetto and chicken parmigiana.  my family is from italy so i am a pretty big critic about my italian food
beef lasagna ($5) and tiramisu ($3). both were really good and didn't make me feel guilty. i'm definitely coming back!
tiramisu ($3). both were really good and didn't make me feel guilty. i'm definitely coming back!
melanzane pasta again.
marco pollo and the calamari is also good for a beginning appetizer. 
calamari is also good for a beginning appetizer. 
garlic bread (or both) every time and it's not like ordering a whole other dish.
chicken marsala and the spaghetti & meatballs. the chicken marsala is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who doesn't like creamy pastas.
chicken marsala is wonderfully light and perfect for someone who doesn't like creamy pastas. the spaghetti and meatballs has the same light
tiramisu is also pretty good, but i've had better.
bruschetta is great as is the garlic bread! i had the chicken marsala, yummy! in fact probably four of us got
gorgonzola salad and my husband had the soup and we loved both. 
bruschetta and call that my lunch next time i come. and yes there will be plenty of next times. 
calamari until they give that batter recipe some more flavor. other than that, everything else, including the service, was great. i
salmon is nearly identical to the $27 salmon pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta
salmon pesto i ordered at trattoria la siciliana. guess what? the salmon at pasta bene is only $10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
salmon at pasta bene is only $10.95! soooo ridiculously good.
salmon -  highly recommended
salmon fillet
tiramisu cake on my birthday.  
salmon or chicken picatta. i also recall liking their tiramisu a lot. obviously not the best pasta in berkeley, but it's
tiramisu a lot. obviously not the best pasta in berkeley, but it's the best option for pasta near the uc campus.
tiramisu with a friend who lives nearby.  the second night we actually ate there (and yes, i got tiramisu again!).
tiramisu again!).  i wasn't sure what to order.  my friends love their chicken sandwich.  i asked for a
beef lasagna 6.95(5.95 during lunch special 11am-3pm)
eggplant parmigiana 6.95
tiramisu for dessert.  it was so creamy and delicious.  the prices can't be beat, only one entree over $10
bruschetta here is only a couple of bucks, and it is actually delicious.  the tomatoes have real flavor, and there
carciofi e pollo is where it's at. yum. and their tiramisu (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) = heaven in your mouth.
tiramisu (which, by the way, is only $3+tax!) = heaven in your mouth. it is plated very masterfully, but make sure
garlic fries were tasty. they weren't drenched in oil like i others i had in the past.
chicken breast & mushroom in alfredo sauce - i usually don't get this since i get it all the time, but i
garlic bread and bruschetta, and considering how inexpensive they were, i wasn't expecting much ($1.50 and $2 respectively). the garlic bread was
garlic bread was on foccacia, which would've been fine, except it was stale and under toasted. if they had just toasted it
bruschetta came with two toasted pieces of bread topped with just too much tomato. it seemed to over power. if they
chicken parmigiana and i had the marco pollo: fettuccini with prosciutto, green peas & mushroom in alfredo sauce. i actually liked my
chicken picatta which was pretty good.  i'd like to see some vegetables with the dish as it was basically pasta with
salmon - all were good, pretty comparable to what i'd expect from a place charging 50% more. service is good -
calamari & crab cakes as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert.
crab cakes as appetizers for the whole group. i ordered gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was
gnocchi sausage for my entree & tiramisu for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but really not bad at
tiramisu for dessert. the food was a little slow coming out, but really not bad at all considering the size of
bruschetta was very good, but the calamari & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light &
calamari & crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on the outside, was more
crab cakes were both just ok. the calamari, which was fried light & crispy on the outside, was more chewy than tender
gnocchi sausage was a big heaping bowl of heavy heartiness. & with the potato dumplings & sausage acting like a variation of
chicken marsala also liked my dish more than his own, so i think that's saying something. 
melanzane if you are cool with eggplants! even writing about it right now is making me salivate...
calamari and a piece of tiramisu between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically appealing, the decorations were
tiramisu between 6 of us and finished everything. the restaurant looked aesthetically appealing, the decorations were sophisticated, and the bathrooms were
carciofi e pollo and tortellini. the sauces weren't too heavy and were just the right consistency. of course, we had room for the
cheese ravioli today and was blown away - fresh house-made pasta and very flavorful sauce and stuffing.  the portion was generous
tiramisu blows every other italian restaurant away.  walk the few extra blocks to this place if you're up for a
tiramisu is just so good.
chicken marsala and except for the pasta being a touch undercooked, it was satisfying. washed it down with a $4 black diamond
carciofi e pollo and pasta bene, and both are delicious choices. the calamari is good and the tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!).
calamari is good and the tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e pollo is interesting because
tiramisu is sooo yummy (must try!). but back to the pasta--carciofi e pollo is interesting because there's no traditional pasta sauce
beef lasagna - all were satisfactory. one thing is, their price seems a bit too pricey. yes, their food is great especially
cheese ravioli and the greek salad, both of which are excellent.
cheesecake are all great  as well!
penne bolognese (available for $5 during lunch)
chicken breast with a side salad. it was very good and tasty and the service was fast and excellent. nice location, and
bruschetta was like they took some bread from safeway, sprayed some butter on it, and put some chopped tomatoes on it.
cheese ravioli was fresh but left hungry wanting more
beef lasagna and cheese ravioli on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces weren't rich enough and
cheese ravioli on separate occasions, and both times they were kind of bland. the sauces weren't rich enough and the pasta tasted
rustica (on the pastas) sooo good!!
bruschetta was topped with a ton of tomatoes which i really liked. the seafood linguine had a kind of spicy zest
tiramisu was in a world of it's own as it came with a few strawberries and i believe with a bit
tiramisu here multiple times, but never sat down and ate the actual food. i'm glad that we did though. 
gnocchi sausage on the suggestion from fellow yelper dmitriy s. it was freaking delicious. although the gnocchi itself could have been more
tiramisu though, i feel like the food is just about the same standard of gypsy's - maybe a bit better -
tiramisu is what is amazing.
penne bolognese was amazing! it was meaty, cheesy & tomato-y. it packed a punch, you could tell it took a long time
calamari with garlic sauce like from cheesecake factory. what else do i need to say? xd
cheesecake factory. what else do i need to say? xd
calamari which was perfectly done.  i do not always like fried calamari, if it is too deeply fried, but this
rustica which had sausage and eggplant.  both were great.  the eggplant dish was very large.  it was so
rustica pasta was also perfectly done.  the red sauce was a little sweet and really good.  the eggplant was
garlic bread tastes yucky, and you kicked us out at 9pm!!!). it's very fresh, creamy but light, and flavorful. 
salmon pasta dish was like $10.50 or sometohing. we ordered...
calamari for an appetizer, i had the marco pollo and he had the chicken marsala.  we loved it, the food,
marco pollo and he had the chicken marsala.  we loved it, the food, the place, the service and even the other
tiramisu  is pretty great too! very amiable staff
beef lasagna and it was really good. filled with beef, cheese and spinach, the order was quite filling. the pieces of bread
beef lasagna i had at pasta bene was my favorite, far and away, of all lasagnas preceeding it. it was absolutely incredible.
chicken marsala is my ultimate favorite because they give me a fat piece of chicken with angel hair-like pasta drizzled with a
carciofi e pollo (linguini w/ chicken breast, artichoke hearts&veggies in oliveoil herb sauce), which he said was his favorite. so cheers to your
melanzane to go and was offered a glass water as i waited by the counter. the nice waitress kept me updated
chicken marsala with linguini, di casa salad and an iced tea. there were plenty of clean tables and they brought over the
di casa salad and an iced tea. there were plenty of clean tables and they brought over the tea and water right
calamari but it is a bit too rubbery for me. the breading falls apart when you pick a piece up. not
tiramisu is heavenly.
crab cakes ($5.95) for appetizer - looks really dark on the exterior, but it's not bad once you take a bite out
cheesecake isn't the best in the world, but for this price, not only does it taste decent, but it also looks
chicken marsala and noticed how the mushrooms were drenched in wine previously, so the whole meal deserves 4-5 stars because of their
tiramisu cake - layers of delicate combo between cake/chocolate/musse. absolutely delightful!
calamari and the fries were good. i wouldn't go the way to order fries but i'd definitely steal a few of
beef lasagna which was pretty cheap, i think it was 6.95? cheap eats + good service = always good.
garlic bread and i think i like it that way quite a bit. medium-heavy on the garlic, light on the butter, just
crab cakes spongy or rock-hard due to poor execution. these were just right. not overly-greasy and retained the flavor of the crab
bruschetta (1.95) and i absolutely love it. it's only two pieces of bread but it is just so delicious and it's
melanzane which was probably the only thing that i didnt absolutely love.  i think it would've been better if the
tiramisu for free one time because one of my friend's is a super regular there! it was nice that they remembered
melanzane which has perfectly cooked eggplant in it.
tiramisu is the booommmmmmbbbbbbbbbbb. lol i have to order it when i come here... have to... lol. even if my bf
salmon pesto fettucine. no wonder it was packed during dinnertime on a sunday.
garlic bread was pretty garlicky - they put a respectable amount of chopped up garlic on it.  i really enjoyed the
rustica is hearty. 
tiramisu is so gooood and i don't care if they got it from a box, it's still wonderful!  happy hour
salmon and the gambertto. the prices were reasonable and comparable to gypsys. the garlic fries were unimpressive and uninspired (stick to
garlic fries were unimpressive and uninspired (stick to the ones at smart alec's). as for the main courses my sister and i
salmon which was decent. pasta with pesto sauce and a hunk of salmon. the pesto sauce was good but the salmon
salmon good have used a little more flavoring and the garlic bread was well...not really garlic bread. it was just a
garlic bread was well...not really garlic bread. it was just a regular hunk of bread which would have been acceptable if it
melanzane (fettuccini with roasted eggplant, sundried tomatoes & garlic in marinara sauce). i swapped the marinara sauce with alfredo and added
garlic bread because i love garlic bread! the food took a bit long but it was certainly delicious! i need to come
tiramisu next time.
bruschetta was good too! and service was friendly and accommodating.
tiramisu again. currently, i believe they have happy hour drinks all day ($3.50/glass of house wine, etc.)
garlic bread the right way, and by "right" i mean good. crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside with just
garlic bread was mouthwateringly delicious, along with the marinara dipping sauce that accompanied it. i highly recommend ordering it! to top it
penne bolognese is good, but nothing special, which can be said with some of their other pasta dishes. service is a bit
gnocchi sausage was not bad, but wasn't anything special. i guess its a toss up though, because for $9 it was alright.
tiramisu to be more rich and creamy though.
bruschetta (2 pcs) and the spaghetti and meatballs. the bruschetta was excellent and served on a garlic toast. the tomato mixture
bruschetta was excellent and served on a garlic toast. the tomato mixture had a very strong garlic flavor with a hint
tiramisu was whatever... but it's okay because this is pasta bene...
salmon on top, but larger portions.
salmon pesta pasta. i got all 3 dishes to go. very fast 15 minutes.
gamberetto which is fettucine with shrimp, bell pepper, and mushroom in a tomato cream sauce. it is only $10!
tiramisu and cheesecake when i return...
cheesecake when i return...
chicken breast , artichoke hearts, and assorted vegetables like carrots and zucchini in an olive-oil herb sauce (also with two pieces of
carciofi e pollo was basically a mix of linguini, chicken breast, and vegetables that could have been made easily at home, and there
cheese ravioli was just a double bummer because it was different from what was on the menu and it didn't taste the
gnocchi sausage and tropicana pizza! niiice
gnocchi sausage has good flavors, but the portion isn't that big.  chicken parmigiana is decent as well.  i like the
chicken parmigiana is decent as well.  i like the tiramisu that they have.  the service is always friendly and nice,
tiramisu that they have.  the service is always friendly and nice, but the food is only decent for me. i
gnocchi sausage was really good but last time i came i ordered the chicken marsala. it was exactly what i expected and
tiramisu to share and it was a nice finish to the meal. 
ice cream is amazing. they've achieved the perfect consistency of cream and liquid and the additional garnishing with strawberries and warm chocolate
melanzane was delicious! beats gypsy's greasy oily-ness. the tiramisu had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it was the perfect fluffiness
tiramisu had raspberry sauce on the plate, and it was the perfect fluffiness and taste of coffee. 
tiramisu was also pretty good, and a great deal for only $3. the service, by the way, was great as well.
garlic bread thinking that the entrees wouldn't come with bread - but they did (not garlic bread though)! we still managed to
garlic bread though)! we still managed to finish all of it though - because it was so delicious. their bread is light
cheese ravioli was really good - and even though the marinara sauce in it looked exactly the same as the marinara sauce
melanzane bc it's basically spaghetti with eggplant and tomato sauce.  
tiramisu if you still have space in your stomach since the portions here are pretty good. 
bruschetta - two slices of toasted bread topped with olive oil, diced tomatoes and cheese. the bread tasted stale and was
cheesecake is pretty good too. the panini and garlic fries are great for lunch. the prices are very reasonable. they have
garlic fries are great for lunch. the prices are very reasonable. they have a few beers on tap and a happy hour!
garlic fries and a tropical themed large pizza. 
tiramisu next time.
crab cakes as our appetizer because many people mentioned it in their reviews. it was smaller than i thought, but pretty tasty.
salmon dish and i ordered the chicken parmigiana. i guess i should've been a little more adventurous, but i had the
bruschetta and also tried the eggplant appetizer. all three were good! the pasta and chicken were cooked well and the chicken
bruschetta is a personal favorite. let me say, i don't even like tomatoes and i ate them all up! the bread
garlic bread here was amazing. the pasta wasn't bad, the portions were just too small. i'm just sad it replaced that cute
chicken parmigiana patty that was microwaved with a piece of cheese on top. it tasted rubbery.
bruschetta was also soggy by the time they brought it to us.
marco pollo and it was yummy in my tummy. no joke. i would recommend trying to eat all of it at the
salmon is a bit small and a bit too much pasta compared to the salmon
chicken breast needs some time to be fully and well cooked.  
gnocchi sausage was really good, especially for the price! i got a teeny bit tired of it after awhile but saved it
bruschetta topping is quite good, but the bread is hard and oily. the garlic bread is similarly mediocre, though both prices
garlic bread is similarly mediocre, though both prices are good. the pasta / entrees, however, are really good. i've stuck mostly to
calamari appetizer and good salads. ok house wine. generous portions.  canned mushrooms used for chicken marsala but fetticini was fresh.
chicken marsala but fetticini was fresh.  pasta bene dish had fresh vegetables.   friendly and efficient staff.  i will
bruschetta for only $2!  all of this and the bill was only about $10!!
penne bolognese and it's pretty good, but slightly oily.
chicken picatta and the king salmon in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be
salmon in the pasta department.  their pizza and bruschetta is also delicious and not to be overlooked.  the old
bruschetta is also delicious and not to be overlooked.  the old couple that owns / manages the restaurant is very
calamari for appetizers, then had some salads, pasta and pizza dishes, wine and dessert too, when it was all done and
gnocchi sausage is soo good. i think i just fell in love.  it's chewy yet not tough.  the sauce is
