mussels in tomato-basil broth. it was light, and the mussels were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top it off, the texture
mussels were large, meaty, and flavorful. to top it off, the texture was perfect. not stringy or overcooked in the slightest.
mussels and the pasta with broccoli rabe. oh, and coconut cake for dessert. so delicious!  
artichoke appetizer. 
meatballs & polenta, i suppose both dishes were fine fillers but in my opinion there was really nothing at all special
artichoke was mushy and entirely too oily... the grilled eggplant was undercooked and the marinara was way too salty... the orecchiette
grilled eggplant was undercooked and the marinara was way too salty... the orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints,
orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay... the house special lamb dish was overcooked and
broccoli rabe with spicy sausage was fine, no complaints, but it was just okay... the house special lamb dish was overcooked and
mussels fra diavolo, and have never been the least bit dissapointed.  even the crusty italian table bread is worth gushing
mussels appetizer. nice staff and atmosphere.  i am definitely going back.  great  neighborhood find.
michael's pasta - homemade cavatelli with various squashes and cheese melted on top), but the apps were clearly a step above. 
insalata caprese (their website claims that the mozzarella di bufala is imported from naples every wednesday) and the steamed artichoke.  both
artichoke was served with a lemon sauce that was neither too sour or fatty - perfect.
broccoli rabe and sausage bits in what was described as a "seductive" broth.  yes, yes!
orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that i couldn't help sampling are worth future trips
broccoli rabe with sausage (which baffled my taste buds), the four other dishes that i couldn't help sampling are worth future trips
whole wheat penne and it was completely smothered with olives and olive juice.  i felt like i was drinking a martini made
salmon ceviche!
meatballs over polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from tomato sauce and subtleness of the
polenta served in steaming tomato sauce. (love the balance between flavor punch from tomato sauce and subtleness of the polenta.)
michael's pasta a bowl of fresh cavatelli, baby squashes and fresh spinach tossed in light tomato topped with aged caciotta cheese.
polenta with melted provolone cheese.
garlic bread is also wonderful, the salads are good, pretty much everything i've tried has been done well.  finally, the desserts
artichoke and maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the artichoke was overcooked and
maltagliati with ricotta and lamb.  the latter two dishes weren't too great.  the artichoke was overcooked and the pasta dish was
artichoke was overcooked and the pasta dish was watery.  the second time, i ordered a pasta dish on their special
salmon was dry as all hell, and the dish was overall pretty flavorless.  i had to bathe it in parmesan
artichoke ravioli.  done.  we also ordered the roasted garlic bread and glasses of the house wine.  both scrumptious.
garlic bread and glasses of the house wine.  both scrumptious.  the garlic bread was phenomenal.  it had actual smears
garlic bread was phenomenal.  it had actual smears of roasted garlic cloves.  yum.  our meals came and i fell
garlic bread with goat cheese is out of this world as is the penne pisticci, though i agree with others that say
meatballs are the perfect comfort food whenever you need it and the pasta pisticci dish is fantastic. however, i almost always
penne pisticci is scrumptious.  service is excellent.  not too spendy if you avoid alcohol or steak (always a healthy idea
ravioli with shrimp. first of all, let me say that the fig salad was out of this world. when i really
ravioli with shrimp. honestly, how do you mess that up?
mussels in white wine sauce impress me every time, and the maltagliata is awesome. the wait can be long on weekend
meatballs on top) and my sister ordered the pancakes. the spaghetti is just perfect, from the sauce to the texture of
polenta with melted provolone cheese: it was to heavy and not memorable. 
meatballs were okay.
ravioli entree, one of my favorites, was burnt on the edges, almost blackened. a huge disappointment. the other entree, a baked
prosciutto e spinaci (perhaps a little salty for those who don't like prosciutto, but i loved it), and the baked tilapia, all of
prosciutto e spinaci dishes were supremely simple--i doubt they had more than 5 ingredients each. but, unlike what i would probably make at
broccoli rabe isn't great--when i had it, the broccoli rabe was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was
broccoli rabe was too bitter (even by broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was too salty. 
broccoli rabe standards) and the broth was too salty. 
orecchiette broccoli rabe with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al
broccoli rabe with spicy sausage is much too salty. the prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al
prosciutto e spinaci is seasoned right, however, the pasta while cooked al dente was much too hard for my liking.
meatballs over polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness yet the tomatoes have a sour
polenta with tomato sauce. the sauce is perfectly balanced in saltiness and sweetness yet the tomatoes have a sour zing. it's
garlic bread with goat cheese. it's slightly burnt crisp around the edges and soft in the middle and sprinkled with fresh parsley.
artichoke was steamed to beyond its prime, giving it a mushy texture. the sauce was a puckery lemon sauce that didn't
broccoli rabe was my favorite part of the dish - it was fresh and delicious. portion size was a bit inappropriate- there
garlic bread with the goat cheese, just no make out session after that ok?
ravioli which was delicious. desert was great too.
polenta with meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant had a
meatballs and spaghetti and meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant had a special consisting
meatballs come highly recommended. the last time i went to pisticci, the restaurant had a special consisting of asparagus ravioli in
ravioli in a light lemon cream sauce. wow. it was so indulgent and rich, enough so that if it's there the
ravioli is an important one), but their specials are also always fantastic. 
mussels (in marinara).  our service has always been great, which is a huge plus.
broccoli rabe - not impressed with it, kind of blend, the broccoli was good.
salmon with creamy polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and this hit the spot, with
polenta on the side. i had been craving polenta for a while and this hit the spot, with a creamy porridge
polenta for a while and this hit the spot, with a creamy porridge feel and topped with browned cheeses. the portion
penne pisticci and immediately tried to replicate it at home because it was so good.
artichoke to start with. the penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy too!) i generally have
penne pisticci is stellar, and the fettucini al funghi is great (non-creamy too!) i generally have the specials, which are always fantastic,
meatballs to the spaghetti would have been $4. that's a little ridiculous to me, but i suppose if you were sharing
minestrone soup and the orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being
orecchiette broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and managed to retain their
broccoli rabe with sausage. the minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and managed to retain their
minestrone soup was perfectly seasoned. the vegetables were tender, without being mushy, and managed to retain their vibrant colors. the orecchiette
penne pisticci was excellent, as was the entire dish; just the right portion for lunch with some fresh bread to dip in
vegetable ceci was spectacular (even microwaved--a travesty, i know), and i used the remains to dip some other bread.  i called
insalata pisticci  (tall bed of baby spinach, with pancetta and crisp roasted potatoes)
mussels are very good).  the fig salad and house made iced tea are two of my wife's favorite choices, though
salmon which was good, but i totally wanted to try the pasta or the meatballs over polenta. need to find a
meatballs over polenta. need to find a reason to go back...
michael's pasta for dinner. all were delicious with large portions (enough for two dinners!). the salads are also amply sized and delectable,
garlic bread is to die for. this is all you should come here for. their pasta was average and a weird mix
meatballs (which are moist and gigantic), to fresh daily specials, they really have something for everyone. even my picky vegetarian friends
artichoke appetizer (the dipping sauce was way too sweet), but my friend enjoyed his pasta special and i had a delicious
meatballs were devoid of the taste of garlic, oregano, parsley, pepper. these are integral spices in making italian meat balls. their
meatballs tasted as if the meat was just salted egged and made into meatballs. quite bad indeed, and very disappointing. it
michael's pasta (as did i) and the other person had a ravioli special. we also ordered a salad.
ravioli special. we also ordered a salad.
maltagliati with ricotta  and spinach is always a success ( addicted to this dish). their dinner specials are always perfectly executed and
garlic bread was okay, we were a group and got the goat cheese one and the regular garlic one. the garlic seemed
artichoke appetizer, we were both thrilled with our entrees: i had a tortellini special (w pancetta and peas in a cream
penne pisticci (but substituted a vodka sauce, which they were really awesome about; seeming to be flexible about substituting different types of
garlic bread is heaven. seriously. i have never had anything so delicious. the roasted garlic spread melted in my mouth. we also
penne pisticci (in a yellow and red vine tomato sauce with chunks of melted homemade mozzarella). not to say that it was
artichoke ravioli, which was a special...and it was divine.  
garlic bread and was dissapointed, stay away from it. the bread was over toasted and dripping with grease. we ordered the rib
garlic bread w/ goat cheese twice! everyone was more than pleased with their meals but i can only speak to mine -
ravioli special. the figs were scrumptious and though i could've done without the strawberries, but the mango/arugula/palm hearts/fig and cheese combo
mussels in white wine sauce was divine, it was good to dip the bread with sauce. and the garlic bread were
garlic bread were so good.
artichoke ravioli. house wine was lovely...were you the people next to us who had the cheesecake tartlet with blueberries? cause it
polenta and meatballs, which were great. others in the group had michael's pasta and a lamb special. the pasta dish was
michael's pasta and a lamb special. the pasta dish was good, the lamb was very dry and tough. probably not enough fat
grilled eggplant and grilled portobello are my favorites.  love their polenta!  it's probably my favorite there!  rosemary potatoes are
rosemary potatoes are great.  all pasta dishes i've tried were consistently good.  salmon is always great and so is tilapia.
salmon is always great and so is tilapia.  sometimes wait is long, but we usually get a drink at the
portobello mushroom over spinach to start and the grilled skirt steak as an entree.  both were quite satisfying but i'd say
skirt steak as an entree.  both were quite satisfying but i'd say the salad was more unique and tasty (officially called
penne pisticci like no other.  it became a ritual to have dinner there once a week.  it got to the
ravioli with spinach.  it's the perfect neighborhood italian place. my only complaint is that the wait can be long.
ravioli was also scrumptious!
mussels in white wine sauce for appetizers (then soaked up with their delicious bread).
garlic bread was nothing like the garlic bread i've had anywhere else.  it was chewy and crusty and completely infused with
garlic bread i've had anywhere else.  it was chewy and crusty and completely infused with garlic, and had such a full
penne pisticci for dinner, which was made with a red and yellow heirloom tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella.  it looked and
meatballs are! who would've thought that a basic italian dish like that could bring so much wonders? it's fresh, it's not
portobello mushroom with spinach...delish!  for my main course, i had the whole wheat penne with olives and ricotta, my husband had
whole wheat penne with olives and ricotta, my husband had the salmon and our friend went with fettucine ai funghi - all three
salmon and our friend went with fettucine ai funghi - all three of us were more than pleased with our dishes.
fettucine ai funghi - all three of us were more than pleased with our dishes.  i applaud this restaurant for serving smaller,
garlic bread was a little soggy, the broccoli rabe was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon was more rare and
broccoli rabe was a little salty, and the medium rare salmon was more rare and less medium that i would have liked.
salmon was more rare and less medium that i would have liked. i didn't ask my companions about their meals, and
garlic bread was indeed what all the other yelpers said. yummy. this place is the cutest little hideaway. it's like you are
mussels that were on the menu because i am a big mussel fan. mussel me please.
garlic bread but also more interesting things to stretch to.
penne pisticci was better but dull as well. i can only speak to the food as we had it delivered. good service.
meatballs to go.  i got home 15 minutes later to find i did not get the meatballs, only the spaghetti
ravioli is great).
mussels in tomato basil sauce, followed by a dessert of chocolate mousse and hot chocolate. 
mussels are fresh, the sauce is slightly salty and sweet (of which i kept dipping the bread into). we laughed and
prosciutto e spinaci pasta with their homemade fettuccine.  if you only have pasta's here, try their creamy polenta as a side to
polenta as a side to share.  amazing.
ravioli was my favorite. portion size is just right.
mussels & sausage antipasto, and the penne with a light marinara & mozzarella sauce. all were delicious. dessert was great too.
garlic bread was a little lacking; i could have made it better.  however, because the pasta was made competently, i'm willing
salmon ceviche and ravioli.
salmon ceviche - for appetizers and they do give you a hearty serving of salmon. but it was a little too
ravioli was quite good as well, but ended up tasting bland and boring after a couple of bites. boohoo.
orecchiette broccoli rabe and the penne pisttici.
broccoli rabe and the penne pisttici.
mussels in white wine sauce which was ng.
polenta side dish - it's nice and creamy with provolone cheese.  things as simple as a bowl of spaghetti are
