ravioli is always beautiful. not an ounce of pretension.
linguini ai frutti di mare. the pasta in this dish did not taste as fresh but the seafood and the flavor
linguini with scallops, shrimps, calamari, clams and mussels in a spicy tomato white wine sauce.  both were delicious.  we
linguini was very nice, with an amazing amount of seafood!  i was very surprised at the ratio of pasta to
linguini di mare is very good, but what's life without a little variety...
calamari is just okay, but the burrata caprese is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a surprise for a nicer italian
burrata caprese is very tasty. it lacks elegance (always a surprise for a nicer italian place!) but it's nomnomnom.
linguini and shrimp, mussels, scallops, calamari, and clams in tomato sauce, which was pretty hearty and i had no complaints. i
ravioli was also pretty flavorful. beware, they serve their food really hot, so let it cool down for a few minutes
ravioli weren't fresh made and the sauce was good, but not exciting.
gnocchi with a four cheese cream sauce. white plate, white gnocchi, and white sauce does not look great all by itself
gnocchi were just mediocre and a little on the bland side. overall, it was just too much of one taste and
zuppa di funghi (mixed wild mushroom soup with fonttina cheese and truffle) the mushrooms were delicious.
linguini (shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels) in a spicy tomato sauce.  the linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato
linguini was cooked to my liking, the spicy tomato sauce had a nice kick but wasn't overpowering, and the seafoods were
ravioli stuffed with duck in a mushroom sauce and fresh blueberries...i didn't see blueberries) which sounds so pretty and may be
tortelloni (few do it better) and the burrata caprese are both out of this world...
burrata caprese are both out of this world...
gnocchi with porcini mushrooms. they also have pasta with grated truffle on occasion, now that is totally pricey, but stinky and
ravioli with blueberries.  desserts are well-portioned and the coffee is aromatic.  from what i have heard, this place is
ravioli trio for the entree, and panna cotta for dessert (with maybe a salad too?).  i was looking forward to
gnocchi in years.  i am so impressed with this place. i'm talking about homemade pasta that's to die for. 
calamari was good, though not outstanding (the somewhat spicy sauce was the best part). the spinach ravioli with the tomato and
ravioli with the tomato and basil sauce was incredible. loved the big pieces of basil. pasta tasted homemade. some of the
ravioli i've had in a long time. the chicken scaloppini with marsala sauce was excellent as well. very light and flavorful
ravioli and the burrata mozzarella salad, but my husband had a delicious thin sliced beef cold cuts that he raved about.
tortelloni in a sage cream sauce, their signature dish.
tortelloni arrived he scarfed down almost the whole plate in mintues.  the pasta is made fresh in house.  tanino
linguini and the raviolis.  i never eat meat or fish dishes because i can't resist the pasta so i am
ravioli which was amazing! great service, architecture is beautiful.... not for kids. shout out to my favorite waiter - dino!
calamari appetizer, which is served with a spicy (yet not overwhelming) tomato sauce. it was perfectly cooked and very probably the
calamari i have ever had. i don't just say that because of all of the hospital food i had been eating
tortelloni di zucca which is pumpkin ravioli with butter and sage sauce. the dish came out nicely presented but was a
ravioli with butter and sage sauce. the dish came out nicely presented but was a tad small for my liking. i
gnocchi in tomato-basil sauce, and pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with
ravioli in a sage cream sauce.  the pumpkin ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise
ravioli were the clear winner, with wonderfully tender spinach pasta, a precise balance between the pumpkin's sweetness and the cream sauce,
gnocchi themselves were a little too chewy.  the overall portion size was just right.  the people on either side
gnocchi was a little al dente for my taste but the pesto was creamy and delicious.  the artichoke salad was
capellini (angel hair pasta, $12.00) was simple and nice. risotto funghi (rice with mushrooms, $14.50) or risotto polpette ($15.50) were good,
ravioli with spinach, and risotto with wild mushrooms, and chicken marsala.  i went with the pasta combo since i have
ravioli with red sauce, eggplant parm, you name it -- well that's just the thing -- this place really doesn't have
ravioli in red sauce.  honestly, both sauces tasted quite similar in my opinion. there was not a true distinction b/t
ravioli and duck raviolis with blueberries, which is excellent and for me a combination that i had not seen before. 
gnocchi dish they currently offer is with a four cheese sauce). we all thoroughly enjoyed our food, and i highly recommend
