polipo - grilled octopus served with marinated onions and potatoes. it's a simple dish, and a wonderful start to a meal.
gnocchi (very light and fluffy-excellent)
caprese salad was two slices of tomatoes with one mozzarella slice and a basil leaf. literally. the noise level was very
calamari appetizer is delish as well and much more substantial. 
agnolotti - incredible, the braised beef and cheese mix melted in your mouth, but it was far too rich to finish
zuppa di mare (seafood in tomato saffron broth), one had scallops with endive and risotto, i had fettucine with clams, garlic, anchovies and
pappardelle with duck & mushroom ragu... so friggin good!
caprese salad was indeed wonderful.  however, i had the duck served over lentil ragout with cranberries and found the entree
calamari & shrimp -- very fishy smell when it first arrived. i think both of us were hesitant about taking the
calamari & shrimp were both grilled, and drizzled with a balsamic sauce & some other sauce. not bad but the smell
affettati e formaggi (sliced meats and cheeses) - i've never had italian bacon before and had my doubts because it's eaten raw, but
ossobuco (veal). both were delicious and highly recommended. my boyfriend said that it was the best italian he's had since he
caprese salad and the cured meat and cheese board, both of which were great. the risotto with duck, pork and chicken
funghi salad; i tasted it and it was amazing!  (i'll definitely take not for next time).
penne alla carbonara.  i am a carbonara fan and make it often myself when i'm in the mood for comfort
calamari or the affettati e formaggi. 
mezzalune are like little pillows heaven. the duck and the suckling pig are also both first rate. and the giant prawns
calamari and the risotto) were a bit too salty. 
prosciutto was, of course, fantastic, but i was also pleased with the incredibly generous portion we received. for under $10, this
agnolotti (a type of ravioli) was an incredibly rich and savory dish. the beef inside each ravioli was tender and flavorful,
cozze e vongole: steamed mussels and clams in a garlic white wine and tomato broth, served with ciabatta. this was amazing,
risotto frutti di mare was heavenly. the anatra (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck dish at another restaurant. the tiramisu
anatra (duck) left me disappointed and craving a much cheaper duck dish at another restaurant. the tiramisu was good.
caprese salad (two slices of tomato, but only one piece of cheese? why?)  and the bietole /caprino which is red
bietole /caprino which is red beets and goat's cheese, arugula, crispy prosciutto, beet honey vinaigrette.  that was amazing!  delicious
agnello (roasted elysian fields lamb, tomato, sweet onion and eggplant stew) which he said was fantastic ( i don't "do" lamb,
spaghetti casalinga  (homemade spaghetti and veal meatballs, crushed tomatoes, garlic, basil).  the spaghetti seemed a little undercooked to me, but
calamari is tasty, with an interesting sauce - kind of thick, creamy, and described as a caper and sun dried tomato
pesce del giorno.  mom had the risotto and calamari--nice and creamy and the calamari was cooked to perfection.  my
calamari was cooked to perfection.  my father got the appetizer portion of spaghetti and meatballs.  although the pasta was
caprese salad for appetizer. also highly recommend the suckling pig, sauce less lasagna or the morrow shank. finish off with a
calamari appetizer was tiny, and not very flavorful, but the caprese salad i had was yummy and classic.  for dessert
caprese salad i had was yummy and classic.  for dessert we ordered 3 desserts and shared them: an apple tart,
caprese salad.  three slices of ruby red heirloom tomatoes, one nice-sized piece of mozzarella and three full basil leaves topped
zuppa di mare was so good, i dreamed of a pool filled with it and eating it as i swam until there was
bruschetta was very good, and so was the cheese cake recommended by our server. the service was great; very friendly and
agnolotti - butter fried sage leaves.  these unbelievably tasty morsels were quietly hiding in the background of a tremendous plate
gnocchi is some of the best i have had
agnolotti and an entree of the penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my entree for
penne alla carbonara which were both exceptional. i will be dreaming of my entree for many moons to come. plus, it
calamari appetizer plate is big enough for two to share. it's surprisingly small for an italian restaurant.
linguine and lobster and shrimp was excellent as was the veal scallopine, thin and tender. sizable portions too. and try the
prosciutto to garnish.  i found it overly vinegary with little to balance it but otherwise not a total fail. a
insalata verde is a bright tasting green salad full of green olives, fresh herbs and large grates of zucchini ribbons and parmigiana
gnocchi malfatti is nothing short of spectacular. petite impossibly light dumplings covered in a savory gorgonzola cream and speck. absolutely a
calamari and good mussels (out of shell) were mixed in with the rice. my husband and my son both ordered the
bistecca alla pizzaiola and were overwhelmed. the fried potatoes and the steak rivaled each other for the favorite of the dish. my daughter
cesare barbera with the meal - good and relatively reasonable price-wise. 
caprese as a shared app, which was sparing with the very tasty mozzarella.  i had the rabbit pasta for dinner
bruschetta which sounded great but tuns out the tomatoes are smoked -yck to mediocre (we leave some for the kitchen).
farfalle with lamb with other stuff thrown in.. the homemade farfalle was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre
farfalle was incredible! the flavors however of the dish were mediocre at best and most of us avoided the lamb. it
bruschetta with burrata cheese and port apple puree - it was good but not bursting with flavor.  i did like
bruschetta is supposed to be.  i also tried the sicilian fried shrimp and they were great.
gnocchi with parmigiano cream
gnocchi was also very soft and delicate and each bite was creamy and delicious.
pappardelle with duck and mushrooms.  the ossobucco is also outstanding.
calamari with sundried tomato and caper aioli. i can't explain why, but this dish, so simple, hit me in all the
pappardelle with rotisserie duck and mushroom ragu. i've never had this dish before. i started eating it and i suddenly got
calamari for appetizer. the sauce that comes with the calamari which are very sparsely seasoned was magnificent, finger-licking good. we devoured
calamari which are very sparsely seasoned was magnificent, finger-licking good. we devoured that. 
quattro formaggi as the shells were undercooked and the cheese tasted like it had expired. the server graciously noticed that i wasn't
risotto frutti di mare which is a seafood pasta. i was much more pleased with this although the shrimp were a little too chewy
lasagna matta which i tasted and it was scrumptious.
risotto frutti di mare which is shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree portion was a lot so i
calamari in a creamy risotto dish.  the entree portion was a lot so i recommend if you're getting an appetizer
calamari with a great aioli sauce and bruschetta.  the calamari was very lightly breaded and fried (not weighed down) and
calamari was very lightly breaded and fried (not weighed down) and there were even tiny whole octopi included with the rings.
bruschetta wasn't quite what i was expecting - it was larger pieces of whole tomato on top of slices of mozzarella
calamari crispy, gamberoni braised large prawns,  the salsiccia with the red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and
salsiccia with the red peppers "peperonata", and the prosciutto di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the
prosciutto di parma...all delicious and fresh. after that, for entrees we had the porcini pasta with duck (omg!),tortellis filled with spinach
prosciutto to the dish. can't wait to go back! the service, food and dessert were top notch.
spaghetti casalinga without the veal meatballs.  so essentially, i ordered spaghetti with crushed tomatoes, garlic, and basil.  yeah, it's nothing
linguine to eat as well. excellent tasting, even though i proceeded to make a mess of myself (i needed a bib!).
agnolotti which were very good and i also had a delmonico steak with a pizzaiola sauce, which was not good (i
